This is very Good Way to Wake up myself from dreaming Fairy Life. Feeling Energetic Now.
Hi motor trend, is there goona be a "world's greatest drag race"?
I am thinking to buy Nokia phone but will Nokia company fir band ho jayegi kya please tell me
China has banned foreign tech companies from existing in China for years now. Google, Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, Wikipedia...all banned!
If future Huawei devices can run Google's apps if the customer installs those services manually, would Huawei be allowed to provide setup instructions in the box or on-screen instructions after the initial setup process, for how to get these services?
how are you getting the code from the text in the top right to have results that appear on the console? nothing i am doing is making that happen. they just act separately.
@technicalguruji karib ek mahine se flipkart aur mi store pe note 5 pro k liye try kar rha hun lkin abhi tak nhi mila,ab kaun sa lu?
@Hartaj Singh you are as biased towards pewdiepie as one can .
I love my P20 Pro just got it a few weeks ago dang it takes nice pic. What about how Blue stacks does it and just make google think you using a difernt phone and still use the main apps
El Mismo Sol because it feels so good to be the number one.
Who is the best (4gb ram & 64gb rom) realme 3 or samsung m20 ?
Electronic everything. Why does everything has to be electronic now? It's just more stuff to break. A 30 year old car is in better condition than a 10 year old car, jest because there's no electronics to break.
MerkeliGamer i was replying to anthony not you. I have nothing against what you said.
good day sir? do I have to be online in writing in Jupyter Notebook? or its okay if its offline?
so nicely explained thank you CS Dojo .Please make full python course series .I am waiting for next video
Guruji this is the most awaited video on the first day of this month...bas koi company april fool na bna de...:D
I drive my Sierra Denali as a daily driver. I don't haul shit every day. Besides gas mileage its one of the best vehicles I have owned. Great in snow we take it to ski mountains. All the wet skis stay in the covered bed. No mess in a carpeted SUV and no seats to put down. Don't need a roof box. We go to the beach and all the sand from coolers and stuff stays in the bed. I go fishing and its the same thing, mess is in the bed and I can hose it out. If I need mulch I have a truck. If I go to home depot once a year I have a truck. If I need to move something I have a truck. Best vehicle for weekend warriors ever. Sucks as a grocery getter. The bags roll around and shit gets everywhere. Bought a couple of cheap laundry baskets to use for groceries and loose items.
Eerhmaahgeerd ! I hate strobe lights in cars, specially when people put strobe lights in the front lights (sense?) [iwantxbone]
Huawei mate 20 pro and P20 pro? Where are they on the list?!
I feel like this picture and this speech is fixed in my head forever
Runflat is amazing for a woman in the winter. Flat tire? Just drive home.
Who else thinks that xaomi miA2 is a replica of infinix note 5 stylus
I use voice control to call people on my phone through the car. It's really convenient. And keyless starting is great. It's soooo easy to just open the door, enter the car, and press the button. You don't have to care where the key is.
@Ryan Smith so tell me, bro. how we copy or steal 5G tech? form you?
Guru ji phone lena 8 gb 128 me ya 6 gb 128 me kon sa lu plz help me. . Don't need much expensive not so cheap. . Plz guide me. .
Thank you sir ji..... Sir m wait krta rhta hu apki video ka.....kuki sir yhi se mind fresh hota hai jb bhi kuch nya krna ho muje
joe woodchuck I wouldn’t worry, in 10 years cars will be so expensive only the very rich will be able to afford them. Most people will walk, pedal their bikes, public transport, or hourly car rentals. Germany already has car rentals accessible by smart phones at 15 cents per minute
The fuck is wrong with you? Simpler in the aspect that they are actually affordable and you get to see them on the road once in a while. Didn't say that was a bad thing.
Omg yes! I cant stand the giant grilles!!! Hit the nail on the heads with these Scotty, i agree with them all!!
This is a big blow to Huawei smart phone business. Never expected US will use such a dirty tactic to kill off competitor. Using power of the state, and president's executive to fight a company??! This proof only one thing, Huawei is damp fxxking good.
3:23 Me:Where's my ZTE Dual Screen you were going to mail me Lew? I've been waiting bro.. Reality:The United Stated has AT&T(WE DONT WANT HAUWEI MANDARIN MALWARE!)
Hello Mosh - At first thanks a lot for this opportunity to learn something i thought was rocket science - I am totally new to coding. In your video about asking 2 questions - name and color - i used the below code - name = input("what is your name? ") print(' Hi ' + name) color = input("What color do you like? ") print(name + " likes " + color + " color") But when the 2nd Question was asked - the cursor was on 1st character of the statement "What color do you like? " i.e next to "W" Can you please advise how to correct this? Thanks, Manish
Hi Mosh , any idea why when I try add products/ to Django page I get an error , ie no Hello World. I checked the code was the same as in the video, but the error message in terninal is to do with line 21 in urls.py . anyone else having this problem?
Don't be surprised - 110 years ago Ford's Model T got 21 miles per gallon
hi mosh i am trying to learn programming because i will go to college next month for a course on software engineering and i am trying to get ready before i go because i am scared that I will not understand anything the lecturer is teaching me so i am trying to learn as mush as i can
@rw rw Need that to keep out Murican spies, fuck the N.S.A.
Another conspiracy theories fan. People look at cars in a similar way they look at phones. You guys can't imagine the conversations I have with my wife about our next car.
Aaj ka ye episode maine 1.25 speed pe dekha... Jis tarah gaurav speedy bolte he.... 😊😊😊
Google it - and you know this how? Subsequent to my original post, I heard that they didn't have enough press cars, and the ones they had were with R&T for their PCOTY in which the Evora came second.
Pixel 4 will be the best camera phone Huawei mate 30 pro hold my beer
Should i have any programming or coding background before starting this course?
If you're new to programming you should probably take interactive courses that explain things from the beginning (what variables are and such) on for example codecademy. Understanding what is happening under the hood is very important to debugging and you won't remember much unless you get your hands dirty. This tutorial is meant for people who probably already know a couple of programming languages and are just looking for a quick overview of syntax and common operations before beginning to use it for their own purposes. You should first consider if you need to learn python at all. Here are some applications to python: https://www.python.org/about/apps/
@Wyatt Stav Definitely... It's people giving root access to apps, side loading unverified apps and just not understanding how bad they are exposing themselves to attacks that cause 99% of it.
The concrete barrier crash with the tesla was that the auto pilot was following the lines on the road and there is a part of the line that was gone so the auto pilot followed another line that was visible leading to the concrete barrier
The lexus and toyota grills are nice idk y some ppl despite them😂
Am I missing something? No Vette once again? Wouldn't the Vette have been the only vehicle with a stick shift, which easily trumps the paddles when comes to a "driver's car".
"10 cars that I think are weird and have not done any proper research on"
I got the new lg two days ago for my b day
This Python course is designed for absolute beginners.I hope you will Give us a chance to teach you...link is in description Thank you https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TEiUJ4blos&list=PL0Dkurn1wL5Pxfra02NBPjcw36GKlzp_n
I'd say 6t. But at the same time the camera on the mate 20 pro could be enough to make it number 1.
Its funny how making a nice well explained video like this can teach millions of people how to code all for free.
Apparently, some people are never happy no matter what you give them! 6 hours of high-quality content with exercises, solutions, projects and cheat sheets are not good enough for them! In fact, the video is so bad that it deserves a dislike! lol
yeye, it's because you are missing some spaces in some line, it can happen. you need to space the words like when you finish defining a function .
I had to laugh about your remark about fin's on car's, in the past. I have a 59 Cadillac and in those days we were on our way to the moon, and we just had to have fin's and rocket engine's coming from the back of our cars in those days,,,,,But at least in those days the cars really were beautiful with some colors, and also if they had a certain two-tone paint scheme. Some of the two-tones just really looked nice with the stainless steel trim,,,,,,,
I installed Google camera on both my Note 8 and my S10+ and it's truly amazing. I use the Samsung camera app for videos but any still pictures I use the Google. It's definitely better than the Samsung software for pictures, and night sight works and the wide angle works as well.... Definitely A+
Who the fuck needs google services, best chance to get out of Google’s grip buy a huawei
Making the access to the boot/trunk so many metres off the ground that you need a fork lift truck to put the baggage in to avoid serious personal injury.
dude the panel at the background is killing the OCD part of me...
Maybe is the best deal but for one i am sure. IT is UGLIEST deal 😂. You need launcher even on stock android because stock launcher is shi*. 😂 Bad compare. 😁
Yes, but for no good reason. Over 85% of my viewers are male. Some people think it is because of marketing in the past that focused on selling computers to boys, but that was about 20 years ago. Some jobs to seem to be better suited to different sexes. I just saw a study that showed that female doctors were found to be considerably better then men on average.
I HATE SUVs!!! Hate them! Give me a sedan any day. The other thing that seems silly is this crazy trend for bigger and BIGGER trucks. Are you kidding me. How many people actually need something that's almost getting to the size of a bus? Very few...but it's all about ego. Hell, why not scrap all these monster vehicles and just make tanks. Then we can have tank wars with each manufacturer out doing the other.
@logan Wiseley lol I am not biased everyone else is. The pixel does not have the best camera if it cant take good videos and only simple stills that I can easily get on my S10 which frankly is a better camera why would I want to spend 900 on this loaf of garbage.
I totally agree with their choice. The mclaren is an awesome car
Yep this is not a typo as it appears in all transitions makes sense and btw what does Samartphone mean?
@Ali Ajami Contact me for help to get mobiles, laptops and Cameras. I am dealing with mobile phones, laptops and Cameras and selling for very low prices. Contact me at WhatsApp +919489505939
2.8k dislikes from the people who r actually using those devices😂😂
im in mode kill me , i cant open a file from thee shell idle , dont know why, but this guy rules lol
i'm confused there is a commercial talking about your motivation and yourself i thought it was the video
PLEASE LET ME WIN THE NEW GIVEAWAY PLeASE SIR , PLEASE , I CANT AFFFORD SO I AM HOPING TO WIN , HELP ME GOD PLEASE SIR MERI FEELINGS SAMJHO PLEASE , 10 WINNERS ME SE EK MAI BHI HONA CHAHTA HU
Jack ass brown pee tries to be smooth guy in front of the most smoothest guy loo
​@J L I know, which means you can't attract females anymore. Mankind is doomed. I'd like to let my back slide too, but I give that up for the comfort of an electric handbrake. And the extra space it gives me in the center console. I think I'm getting old. Though if you have rear wheel drive and enough power, you absolutely can drift without a handbrake. :)
@Robert Hardy the difference is Chinese companies are still allowed to interact with Google,Facebook etc. A usual citizen can bypass the firewall using vpn too. But the US ban is very serious and anybody or any company from US is banned from interacting with Huawei
Probably the worst trend is the complicated touch-screen where you have to look at and navigate a menu screen to do basic functions like turn on the climate control or adjust the radio. Where is the difference between this and texting while driving? Automatic transmissions in all their forms are dangerous in that the driver no longer has to concentrate and anticipate road conditions , especially when the automatic often shifts into an entirely inappropriate gear, dumping lots of torque where a gentle nudge is all that is needed. An experienced driver with a manual can use the throttle, clutch and the selective sliding gears to adjust precisely to the road conditions. And who needs fake engine noise when I can hear my neighbors' Mustangs and Challengers and Camaros and Chargers coming three blocks away?
Description me ek wrong word hai Worst ki Jaga innovative Likha hai Comment time: 3:59 pm on 29/12/2018
Using a Mi A2, my favorite of the list is the Mix3
Maybe the 90's were even the pinnacle of the whole Western society? Housing was still affordable, we had stay-at-home-moms, I mean kids saw their parents for more than 2 hours a day, you didn't need a 5 year degree for a decent job, cars were pretty reliable (I miss our Hondas)...
I miss the days of big batteries like the ZeroLemon case/battery combo I had for my S4. The phone was more comfortable to hold and lasted a very long time. Not to mention I could replace the battery myself in just a few minutes if it started to tank. I don't understand the fascination with glass backs and thin phones. What a waste.
@Nate Eintracht I quoted the video, you are paraphrasing. Anyway the actual article goes into far more detail about the F-type, and you are partially right. Once it was fixed they really liked it. They said "Had this SVR shown up in 2013 or 2014, it might have enjoyed a podium finish." So even a few years ago when the competition wasn't so fierce it would have placed 2nd or 3rd...but not 1st, and that's why it didn't place well in this competition. Keep in mind even a slightly improved version last years winner placed 6th in this years competition. That is how good the field was.
osk osj hi if u check and sub my channel I'm doing proper tutorials u can also follow. hope it helps!
This was so good, there's a small amount of things I wish I could experience again (extremely badly) but listening to this for the first time ever is one of those things.
I love my LG flip phone. It calls and texts plus it's a tracfone = about $20 month.
Who else think that android phones are better than Iphones ?
Apple users should really be worried. Their quality is going to go to shit
Wah Guruji 5:42 Zikr 👌👌👍👍Bahot Khoob Bhai .....mei bhi exited hu Redmi 7 ke liye......
I guess it turned off because the battery pin slipped when you shaking it too hard
Im still on my LGV20 and i cant seems to have a reason to change it..Its still fast enough with an amazing quad lcd screen...Quad dac, sd card slot, interchangeable battery, IR blaster and unique design that stands up to an era were all cell phones looks the same...
It has gotten more expensive AND slower than previous versions. The "GTR thing" was that it was a relatively cheap supercar killer. Now it is not cheap anymore, and other (cheaper) cars are faster.
The no sound, is what I love the most about it.
In short : Someone (T) wants domination over the world. Seems like targetting China and/or Huawei, but think back...... Someone is trying to show the rest of the World, "Look, Who's the Boss of the World !" Softwares in your Mobile Devices are from (where) ?! So......as National Security is concerned....... "Who's the Boss?! "
He talking so much and so fast. To many subjects and questions.
Lew I think you're supposed to press and hold the home button to go to the recent apps. Just like old Samsung Galaxy phones.
How did you get the screen on the right(out put screen) , this is my first time using this application.
Improvement Pill Meditation! I already meditate during the week but my goal is to make it apart of my daily routine 🤗
very good to post video like this... really you make our mind opening and think about to change our selves to get better and don't allow for someone to using us ... thanks for the info you took us to think about our selves and change our life 🙂☺
After I bought Renault Megane, one day while driving it suddenly alarmed loud and high *BEEEEP*. I nearly messed my pants thinking "oh shit did the engine blow up?!". It was alarm associated with "Low fuel" -light (so enough fuel for like 100km)...
Just enjoying all you have, and happiness will be there. This video just makes you become more ambition. You cant getting all you want like, our brain never stop seeking for happiness.
Now if only they would offer the 570 in a manual it would be slower but perfect..
It also kind of shows why point and shoot cameras aren't really dead and are still very worth it.
Most hilarious April fools I've ever seen! Good job! Looks real
I think the best budget device is the Xiaomi Mi Mix 2s: it has a Snapdragon 845, 6gb of ram, a beautiful camera, 4k60fps recording, a nice bezelless display, for only €370🔥
The problem with modern cars is with the people who buy them. Car trends are set by the consumers.
if you have insominia and watch this video for 15 minutes, you will sleep automatically.
Already bought two 128GB POCO f1, third 256GB Armoured on the way 😅. But non of them belongs to me, I am still using Redmi note 3😂😂
Beats x works well for me! One plus 6t McClaren edition here
@Yuzhou Qu except that the company has been known to be morally questionable and has committed corporate espionage at the back and call of the Chinese communist government. What's to stop them to do the same to another country. Good riddance.
Gamers are gonna go wild this summer with the powder max
if you rely on drive assist and park assist, you should not be behind the wheel in the first place
What else is there to do in a self driving car of the future ?
@ProductFRED The S10 is still a better phone and there's nothing you can do about it.
Don't write it here please it's a tech video you don't have to write this to get likes
Jo vi bolo vai, main via guruji ka fan hu but in recent times he acts strangely, paid promotion karta hai..bo pehle wali truthfulness nehi raha.. or ia bend test to fake hai kui ki..yeha bent test ka tarika hi nehi he
@Zmaj Od Bosne honestly, they're too lazy to either plug in their headphones or connect them through Bluetooth, or are the kinds of people that will use their speakers in public and distract others. I'd rather just get some nice Bluetooth connectivity, and I never really liked wires either so yeah I never use a headphone jack.
Because the Miata competed last year. Came in 2nd or 3rd, depending on who you ask.
I had to do 60 days in jail and my phone lasted the whole time and it was already almost dead lol they let me get phone numbers out of it
I found Python is simple than other languages. Very intelligent and good at reading text. In other languages we got syntax error immediaTely if we miss even a semi colon lol. There is nothing much to deal with semi colon.
I wonder if this is just North American complaints and if it applies to Europeans.
I just finished the course, thank you so much! It was my first contact with programming ever.
I was 'horrified' when I first saw those Huge ugly grilles.
I think touch screens are one of the dumbest things now. You have to focus on aiming your finger at the right spot on flat screen, that you forget to pay attention to the road. Real buttons are safer, cause you can feel them out before pressing. You don't need to take your eyes away from the road. I also don't like keyless entry and start/stop buttons. What's wrong with turning key to start/stop the engine?
Sir mai aapka bhot pahle vdo dekhte aa rha hu aapka mob ke bare me batana achha laga isliye maine subscribe v kiya but aub aap pahle jaisa nhi karte sab mob ko achha batate ho pahle usame kya kharab h,kyu etana paisa le rha h wo company,hame wo mob lena chahiye ya nhi lena chahiye ye sab batate the but aub sab phone ko achha batate ho koi kami nhi.....
That has to be the worst phone ever,pretty sure they are more out there👎👎👎...By the way lewis,I think for multi tasking you should long press the home button so we can all see how it's set up.. Still Garbage💩💩
Really agree about the lack of road feel - and those idiotic electric parking brakes!! Those should be banned! And styling - the US has designed some beautiful cars, but the current crop are supremely ugly, led by Chrysler! Barf!
This thing can charge the iphone XS MAX 5 times everyday for 2 week and still going
@Tommy BRO nah it's just about getting phones that are feature rich and not overpriced from a company that listens to its customers seems the only person here lacking brain cells is you.
Actually it is cool to omit google services as they accumulate personal data and give it to foreign intelligence. What is cool is open source android and the creation of independent developer fraternity that displace the need of google services, in a more transparent and unintrusive way.......unlike current google practices. This should be the trend from the beginning. We have been giving tremendous revenue opportunity to google by being the product for google's interest. Huawei is targetted as they are leading 5g implementation and US capitalist is not happy as they are not making money out of that first.
Better save up now... Hopefully nothing bad happens to my honor play.
I'm starting a Python tutorial series right now that will teach the next steps https://youtu.be/nwjAHQERL08
But the Grandsport is out and they did not include it for this year
I love this channel but I would love to see more mid range phones reviewed like the umidigi f1 or redmi note 7 Pro. Even the new Samsung m series.
The TV behind you at the beginning: Windows just being Windows at it's best, being annoying at all times.
First comment? Anyway.. these videos about habits are so helpful! You do a great job with bringing all of this information together!! ❗✨💖❕
Can I get the keylogger to start once I insert a flash drive?
Ball is LIfe omg seriously man yu watches 2 mints later porn that was funny
I agree totally....ALL designed to screw more money out of you.
Sir Underbridge A lot of the cars don’t have larger brakes. They are just jumping on the stupid low profile huge wheel bandwagon.
chris martino everything Ike he said that it made me want to beat him a little more
im more of a r31 kinda guy i like em boxy.
The time i spend playing videogames is something that i truly love.
looping print(x, ' ', end="") ^ SyntaxError: invalid syntax, name = sys.stdlin.readline() NameError: name 'sys' is not defined I type along with you, I get different results.
Sir why we work for someone els..... hope aap ka reply mila nahi bhe mila to bhe kuch nahi kbi na kbi agar aap is topic ko apne session me cover kro........................................
How am I supposed to play PUBG or Fortnite with the 1st one???
I’ve never done programming before but tell me why I understand all of this and started to download anaconda and experimenting my own things.
Waiting for Samsung galaxy S10+ and more with snapdragons 855🌌👍👍👌 😘 😘
I think that 1:51:10 exercise can written by this way numbers = [5, 2, 5, 2, 2] for i in numbers: print('*' * i)
Dabbe vala phone jaise pahle daabe vala tv hota tha 😁
sr maine app se ik ruqast ki thi k plz app mujhe bata do k 15000 rupss me konsa best phone haa .plz sr bta do me pehle v app se 2 vr push chuka hu .plz sr bta do konsa phone luu.plz
@Dominiq Akoraa my grandad owns a 90s C Class and that thing was literally bulletproof so idk what went wrong
Transportation device? FKNG status symbol? Leave the cars for car people.
You can use either. x = 'Hi!' x = "Hi!" y = 'You\'re pretty!' y = "You're pretty!"
Surprise you didn't mention smart assisted "self driving" car. happy new year
Can python be learned to Design Smartphone games for Android and iOS? Or JavaScript/Java is more compatible for games. Thanks for video, reply appreciated
@MineCrafter169 I'm pretty sure input() only reads the first word and sys.stdin.readline() reads the whole line if you had multiple words.
I will never Suggest Motorola device bcos they never provide android update for their devices.
50days? so it is almost as good as my backup phone, nokia 3210 :o
The updates are only banned for Huawei phones in the US, and Android for them is still open source so they can simply remake the OS to work for them and they already got knock offs of most apps so it won't be to hard for them to make their own os and app store don't know why foreigners are worried about it honeslty.
Vivo V 13 Bhi dekhne ko mil sakta hai woh kahe nahi batate ho gadhe Ram
I think the spy thing is real. Being that china wants to overtake the USA as the world's superpower. China is even slowly and illegally occupying areas in south east asia.
The battery pops out when you hit it on the ground, that's why.
No spare tire. This seems to be a thing now. A reseal kit is fine till you blow a tire and have no spare.
I don't know if Chinese government controls Huawei, but US government sure controls Google!
I'm still on "Hello World" and can't seem to get past it for the past 50 years.
I'm 14 and a would like to be programmer when I groove up. When you are looking for the work you have to pass collage or you just have to have the experience?
Tian KAI yes and I’m saying those who misunderstood are the most stupid people.
Warning! This tutorial is not a good Python tutorial. It is clearly written by someone who comes from a Java/C++ background, and misuses Python constructs that they confuse for constructs from those languages. For example, it uses double-underscore name-mangling, i.e. things like `self.__myvar = myvar` , but this is *not meant to be used like a private access modifier*. You just do `self.myvar = myvar` in Python, or, if you want to signal to people that an attribute is an implementation detail, you use a *single underscore*. Second, the tutorial creates a bunch of class variables, that are immediately shadowed by instance variables in the initializer. This is totally pointless, and can lead to subtle bugs. Finally, a `toString` method? Use `__str__` in Python, and then you can just `print(instance)` or `str(instance)`. Again, clearly someone is coming from Java or C++.
Lew, could you talk about why companies are actually taking so much consideration into cameras rather than making great performers for lower prices?
If you want him to do a rivew on Honor View 20 Like this Comment
50 Days is nothing. I can use my phone forever with the charging cable plugged in.
Sir app apne mom dad ki kabhi photo dikhao or app kaha stay karte ho
I think the worst trend in modern car design is the tiny sloped rear windows and high beltlines that prevent you from seeing from behind. I still drive my 1995 Integra even though its beat to hell because I can actually see 360 degrees.
A giant camera screen for a windshield could be pretty cool. You could add all kinds of neat info to your view. Highlight objects coming in from blind spots, enhance overall view of the road at night even without headlights. The shiny black plastic isn't just an issue with cars, it's everywhere and needs to stop! TVs come to mind.
Hellcat is best highway roll racing car ever.But for dig runs it just doesn't hook up.One of the only stock cars that probly needs actuall slicks
That was a great talk Lew! It definitely has to be brought up! The competition topic was very interesting! We can clearly see now that those who are the biggest have a great power and responsibility.. It has been quite comfortable to not mix politics when you are in the topic of tech. But now politics is deeply involved in almost every kind of topic. And most of the decision are really not in favour of the people. I believe that companies both hate and love their rivals. But it's important that there is competition, we customers want innovation! But when the government play the power card. That's when someone tries to change the rules. What would the world look like if the biggest companies in the world had a vote about the decision made by the governments? And to be clear as Lew said, it has been a two say street. Both parties have to take responsibility. I think what might happen is that there will enter a new player in the game. That's actually what I hope for, because that will truly be an interesting future.
America is a falling empire, these moves are the only things they have left to rely on. It's just a matter of time before Samsung come to their senses and join forces with Huawei and create their own OS and ecosystem. who is to say that the American government won't come for Samsung if they get to the position Huawei is in. Huawei is it for the long game. Already they have been laying the groundwork all over Africa and Asia and eastern Europe. Google and all western brands are fucked in the long run. This is the future while the west is on a population decline. Africa 1,679 Billion 2030 – Africa 4.3 Billion 2100 India 1,527 Billion 2030 – India 1.6 Billion 2100 China 1,415 Billion 2030 – China 1 Billion 2100 All of Asia combine 4,922 Billion 2030 - Asia 4,888 Billion 2100 https://www.populationpyramid.net/africa/2100/
@rishisimply everything on Earth nowadays are manufactured in China. If not, at least some of the materials are made in China. You don't like it? Go live in Mars lol.
Wow i am feeling so good and more confident than before. Appreciate your hardwork ❤✔
Thanks Neal! I'll put that on my list. Glad you liked my tutorial. Please share it to support me :)
And if the corner hits your nose that's a critical hit
Youre very popular and you make very good content but you sound like you’re repeating the same thing in different ways and you’re trying to hard with the vocabulary don’t try so hard next time
Im making the marathon of watching all of this in one sitting. Wish me luck.
Aap ab konsa phone achcha hai yeh nehi batate hai,usme kya burai hai yeh sab kuch nehi batate jaise 1 saal pehle batate the. Humko phone ki specifications nehi janna hai,uska unbox nehi dekhna hai,wo hum kahi bhi dekh sakte hai. Humko uss phone mein kya burai hai,usko kya humko kharidna chahiye yeh sab honestly batao.
Electronic door handles that go flush are for aerodynamic improvement! Next to go will probably be sideview mirrors for cameras
Tomorrow is my exam.this vid make me realize,what the hell i was doing before?thanks,this vid is very inspiring.
Yeah, my P 10 is the best phone I ever had. Apple is getting its ass kicked is why. Any network guy will tell you the rest is bullshit.
@Kaisuke971​ Dude... IMO man... I mean if I had the choice to take any one of these home, I would choose the GTS in a heartbeat. Of course, the ACR and the 570S are fabulous, but personally I would take the BMW.
alcantara is really great, its a must for me personally. with leather seats ass is sweaty in the summer and leather is cold in the winter( we actually have winter here) and yeah cloth seats are the solution, but alcantara is just the premium feel on it. i have an 2005 audi a6 with it and its great. steering wheel point is valid though but for the seats, door panels and roof lining it is great in my opinion.
Love the Polar Vantage M on your wrist, been looking for one myself but can't find any decent reviews, hint hint :D
This review and award is only within the U.S or at world level?
I think one of the worst trends is people going to the discount auto parts store and getting the bedazzled Logos. Example why do you need a logo to tell the world that you have 24 inch rims on your car??
I just wanna get this out of the way, this man is racking in thousands of dollars. Google employee, Founder of CS dojo, and YouTuber
you guys are my problem. coz each time people like u make vedios i send my time watching one after another
It's so tempting to just try and do all three of those ahahha
Of course, Google also intercepted usernames and passwords while collecting images for Google Maps. Whoopsie... So if anyone knows about using tech the wrong way, they do.... Google good. Huawei bad. ummm okay...
Are you going to ignore China does NOT practice “free trade” and actively blocks foreign competition?
China is ran by communist party and so is this company...hey lew talk about the Chinese concentration camps for million of muslim in China or how China Spies on every single person in there country and has a ranking system for each and every person
@Chosen1Creator Lifetime should mean human lifetime. Otherwise just give a few years warranty. A company could say lifetime but their phones only last 3 months. "Yeah, our phones lifetime is 3 months, so that's lifetime warranty" Lifetime could be how long your specific phone lasts because that has been its life, so if a company wants to be truly evil, you get no warranty at all.
DNF couldn't stand the level or the "quality" of the music!
A little confusing because when you use the "len" method it counts using the number 1, but if you check the spots of them normally it starts with 0
The winner for the big smart phone should be the Huawei Mate 20 X.
Should I get the Pocophone?, I have a few reservation due to the screen not being AMOLED and Gorilla glass 3 being used. The screen resolution is just not that good as compared to an AMOLED screen. The 845 Ram, 6 GB Ram and the 128gb internal memory at that price are putting me in a bind. Any other alternatives that you would suggest?
Do you make videos like this for laptops too? That would be great.
I felt like I was being shaken to reality, and I felt guilty. 😂 This was very effective.
Roses are red violets are blue i just got click baited and so does you
What in the same hell are you talking about ? The m4 is a Bit better than the Mustang but the m4 costs twice as the Mustang . And that is only one example of many. And the Americans won the war but that is another story
Bhai mujhe ye mobile lena hai but flipkart pe sale kab lagegi
One day die... Tell me benefit....???? Nothing is permanent here so fuck huhhhh ..I hate.... Only love to people's
you guys did a fantastic job this year with motor trend and motor trend on demand. I love how the show has progressed, this being a great example of both filming and personality. I appreciate that while joking, you are able to point out the characteristics of a car, good or bad in a way that a guy that wants to have as much fun for his money can understand. thanks again, keep it up!!
Herubys Every book That Could Change and Fix Your Life Read Books about Habits About Religions, About Managment,Save and Gain Money about relationships .....
R34 GTR is legal in Canada hahaha haha and I live here I win
Sir ek bat clear krni h.., muje ajkal meditaion krne k time kuch der k bad body me thodi thodi der me jhtake kyo feel hote h..jaise meri body me current lag rha ho ... during meditation
Love the grills, hate the suv trend cause I love a sedan. Good video Scotty!!
@Mrwhosetheboss idiot. Don't need to say anymore. Your channel is crap compared to a lot of others.
Talk about stiff competition. The Z06 would have been nice to see here. Not that a Corvette could ever win "best driver's car", but it would be nice to see it give that Viper a run for it's money at Laguna Seca.
Well said! I'm worried what the future holds as a consumer😕
This is why I join BA because of this video and Ivan it's what this guy is saying that make me do what's ask of me it gets know better than this you need to join this family ASAP like NOW
I always look forward to this every year, but why can't Jag ever do well 😭😭😭
I will start doing these habits tomorrow and make sure that this is my will. Thor 27/10/2017
@Steven Roland all too true. the problem we have in South Africa is that its a third world country,but yet the consumers are full of it as i see it. but thats a good thing cause here we dont stand for it. you have no idea how many campaigns we have in SA.,for these types of things. ok i worked for German and French manufacturers over the years,work for myself now though lots of high end cars,but still do bread and butter cars too. now im surprised in north america they doing that,cheap,unreliable turbos, but my biggest pet thing i hate,and this is my reason im an AMG guy,BMW Mcars are now using fake engine sounds. if AMG can give us exhaust noise,due to turbos,why cant BMW msport do it? also on the turbo factor,again i also blame consumers for not adhering to manufacturers recommendations. ive used cheap aftermarket turbos for tuning reasons,but kept the boost low enough for reliable running,yet when ran properly,had more than enough kick over the standard car. ive had kinda done a documented study,for myself,on two cars i did. both ran cheap turbos,not badly made though,with over 170,000kms and 195,000kms on it without a hickup. maybe i put it together with reliable running in mind. not one coolant issue,nothing. but they start up and let idle before driving and let it idle again before switching off without revving up in the warm up phase and cool down phase. but great communicating man!!!!
Plz make a tutorial on Terminal in Ubuntu Linux OS. Thnx for the video. It's awesome.
OP6T Mclaren edition is the best. Especially the ultra fast charging, plus the price.
@Google User LOL nowdays it is the opposite. Apple copies Chinese and Koreans and claim that they invented it for the first time ... I can't wait when Apple launch their first foldable phone in 2032 and claim that it is the first in the world ... LOL
Why the hell haven't I been subscribed to this channel until today? I could've sworn that I subscribed 2 years ago.
i started today, and want to master it before 2020. i wish you the best of luck.
My days. If you can't sleep, watch a computer programming video. It will either make you clever, or you'll get the longest rest you ever had.
Realme2 ki kitna problem tha or apne unka promotion bada chada ke Kiya cholo thik hai koi baat nhi pr ab jab pata ha iske fingers print or srecring look Mai itni problems hai phir is brend ki add kyu.
I got you bro, prayers up. The Lord hears. Stay strong.
But dude my nokia 3310(old version) still works for me..why i dont know u guys need these expensive phones🤔🤔🤔
Hi everyone, for those of you who don't want to install python on their computer I made a video on Google Colab. (Online Python IDE, basically Jupyter notebooks in the cloud) Please feel free to check it out and leave some feedback!
Did we just step back into 1978 with this huge ass phone
Abe thumbnail toh sahi lagaya kr😠😠😡😠 10 saal bad ke phone dikha rha h
in the nested for loop aspect with the number grid, does python know what row and col mean?
I am a kid interested in programming who thought of python as a starting language
Price differences aside the fact that the Shelby was impressive enough that it went head to head with the McLaren for the title is the mark of an incredible car in my opinion.
Funny one of my renters has that..he hates it too on his 1500
It's about time they put the screws to Huawei they've been stealing intellectual properties for over 20yrs no more now. T-Mobile and Samsung happy what Google did about time.
Couldn't agree more. It's about the all-around enjoyment from McLaren cars. They keep nailing it with no doubt. But man Ford is doing really great job to keep up the game. I'm proud of Ford and the legendary Mustang!
who wants to practice with me? I'm trying to improve it. we can do it on facebook or whatsapp.
For get a job, I need a DEGRREE in IT? Or can I JUST learn by myself?
So a 4 hour video to basically learn nothing except how to print to console...nice. People the only way you will really learn is to read Python documentation cover to cover. Pick an app you want to build and then read the documentation at each step of the process while building it.
US has the most advanced technology in the world. If US want block any IT company, it is very feasible. Just like encountering pirates by patent, Huawei has no word to say and have to accept it. I think that CN government should work together with Europe and Japan to make plan B for an open world, since plan A by US is so unreliable.
Cannot find the anaconda navigator Hi CS, I tried many time to uninstall and installed anaconda but can't find the anaconda navigator, my pc is window 10 and only display Anaconda Prompt after successful installed the anaconda, so what should I do now ?
I THINK... (you can try to narrate the story of the movie that we watch...!!! ).. to practise.
all of these are temporaries happiness but if you spend all your time with God it willbe the greatest achievement that you are done.Yes there is nothing wrong about to become success.but it is wrong all of your life thinking about future all of us will die but we dont know where our soul will go
Huawei is not the one going to get a big hit.Its the USA itself. What if China just stopped supplying parts and labour.
Technical Guruji infinix hot S3 ke baare ke kya kahte hai 8999 ke price me lene layak hai ki nhi
just went through a bad breakup , lost my closest friends after that. It was difficult until i found your video to find myself again. thank you so much
@mantu271 Thank you :) You're very welcome. Many Python tutorials are coming very soon
W E I G H T !. fuckingweight... with less weight don't need extreme big brakes, huge engines... etc.. gonna be more fuel efficient, will be faster. we need to REMOVE not add crap.
Nice video!!May be a syntax change. To make the translate program @ 3:00:10, had to make the change as below. if letter.lower() in ["a", "e", "i", "o", "u"]: if letter.isupper() in ["A", "E", "I", "O", "U"]:
Those Chevy commercials drive me nuts! You shouldn't have to show awards to get people to buy things. Prove it! Actions speak louder than words, and Chevy has terrible vehicles. I hate that you don't even need to have the key fob out to get in the car. Just be close and the door will lock or unlock. Auto braking and lane departure systems. I know how to drive, grant it most people don't, but companies are making people dumber!
Guruji iPhone xs and xs max are also bad phone s
Long press the home for multi task. I remember that notifications menu and camera shutter sound. Damn is that knockoff of Lava or Intex !!
Ajaropro Add the line requested at the top of the code
@Mohammad Zaid oh please. The Chinese are trapping impoverished countries with immeasurable amounts of debt. China is known for blocking non-chinese based companies. They won't even allow non-Chinese people to purchase land.
guys put this in python: import turtle turtle.pensize(5) def drawUp(): turtle.seth(90) turtle.fd(20) def drawDown(): turtle.seth(270) turtle.fd(20) def drawLeft(): turtle.seth(190) turtle.fd(20) def drawRight(): turtle.seth(0) turtle.fd(20) def setRed(): turtle.color('red') def setGreen(): turtle.color('green') turtle.onkey(drawUp,'Up') turtle.onkey(drawDown,'Down') turtle.onkey(drawLeft,'Left') turtle.onkey(drawRight,'Right') turtle.onkey(setRed,'r') turtle.onkey(setGreen,'b') turtle.listen()
Hey man, you seem to be knowledgeable in this area, would you mind giving me a hand through pm? Thanks for your time.
Yeah... all the efforts to STOP monopolies... AFTER they were allowed to become monopolies... is evidence that American companies LIKE competition. We were happy to compete with German, and Japanese manufacturing... in August 1945. America likes competition, after it's been destroyed. Now, America is 1940s Japan... and Huawei is Pearl Harbor, the Philippines, and Guam. "I fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping 'UGE guy... with THE BEST hands... who NEVER gets tired of winning." -Admiral Trumpadoto
So i made this program using the class function....i would like to know the real usage of the function class in real world application. And also is there a way to get my arguments more simply than using 4 input command in the program bellow...Thank you for the tutorial sir. sorry for bad english :) class student: __name = 0 __location = 0 __age = 0 __subject = 0 def __init__(self,name,age,location,subject): self.__name = name self.__location = location self.__age = age self.__subject = subject def put_name(self,name): self.__name = name def take_name(self): return self.__name def put_location(self,location): self.__location = location def take_location(self): return self.__location def put_age(self,age): self.__age = age def take_age(self): return self.__age def put_subject(self,subject): self.__subject = subject def take_subject(self): return self.__subject def phrase(self): return "Hi I am {} and I am {} years old, I live in {} and I study {} !".format(self.__name, self.__age, self.__location, self.__subject) user = student(input("Enter your name: "),input("Enter your age: "),input("Enter your current location: "),input("Enter the subject you study: ")) print(user.phrase())
thanks for this motivation it help me to believe my self on the sturdy and all things
I enjoy this tutorial a lot, you are a true genius, I wish you good health!
My MDX has not one, but two LCD screens (plus a mini display between the gauges). One is a touchscreen, the other is controlled by about 50 rotary dials, buttons and thumbwheels. The infotainment system alone has a 281 page owner's manual. It's ridiculous! After spending two days studying the regular 578 page owner's manual I've learned to use the 3 functions I use the most and just pretend the other things don't exist.
Its a serious issue but tech starts from china and ends in china so in my way it would not be as big issue for them, as they know tech from top to bottom. In my point it will effect America much more than china by blocking trade :)
Look at it from another point of view, this could’ve stopped corporate taking over and being bigger than governments, have you looked at it from that angle, have you looked at the power that these people have got, have you looked at it from the angle that this isn’t cooperation between people to build the phone, this is what your political entities who control these industries to Veryfine family tree lines? Sorry to comment so often but there was a different angle to this I believe
I refuse to live in a world where I cant drive my own car...
I think xiaomi will be next victim. They are close enough behind huawei.
This is all because Apple and Google have a monopoly over the app stores
@Harsh Ch I guess s10 is a 2019 device and pixel has front facing which is not the case in s10 or s9
Sir jis colour ma app n y mobil dekhaya h is colur ma ya h b y nhi
Truth in marketing advertising in the auto market? Wow you are really Mary Poppins. I have had numerous cars in my lifetime. When I enter a showroom, the first thing I do is yell at the salesperson to stay the fuck away from me. I review the vehicle I am interested in and if I believe it to be right for me, I call the sales person, otherwise, as soon as these leeches approaches me, I just leave the place.
@Nestor John Garay what if you think of something dirty and searches it for you while children are watching you
1.)Huawei p30 pro 2.)galaxy s10 5g 3.)galaxy 10 plus 4.) xiaomi mi9 5.)iphone xs max
Prior to getting a huawei mate 20 x... Ive got my hands on the sleek p20 pro & one plus 5T... .. both feel huge in the hands.. and last dec. 22.. when i unbox my huawei mate 20 x... Heck.. it feels too big.. too heavy for me.. But now.. after months of usage.. its as if my newest standard in a phone.. i love watching movies in its screen. Wow.. amazing...
@Yiannis Serpico while coding, you can add a # followed by a note. The characters following the # will not impact the rest of the code ex: #this is how you print text in python print("Hello World")
I like that new ecosport, i just bought one last week
All that we are is a result of all that we thought.
Man! You are best💙 merry Christmas! Love you a lot... I learned everything u wanted to teach, and i could do the last problem of my own
Everyday i listen to this. Thank you for letting go of the fear and bringing light to people like me
first meditation came from shiva ,music dance acting games and lots and lots of thins cam from him read more about him
Super interesting! But I think in low-light conditions the pricier phones would certainly win the comparison test!
it used to run out of battery at 60 % , my lg phone had 8 gb (-4 gb for the system data) i even had an sd card but guess what THEY DONT WORK ON LG
1:28 там видно что это не он клацает а компьютерная графика (Фотошоп).Если приглядеться то видно что он с другои стороны провел пальцем,но видно было видно что протиположно.Так что это феик
I would have been pissed if a Ford beat Mclaren lol.
Wait that Nissan GTR is the 2017 Mo Blog have it the color is the same
Why are there so many dislikes on this video if the video is done very well. The fact that you don't like the product doesn't mean you should dislike the video instead you should comment on it you dislike.
Sir want a one plus 6 just because of snapdragon 845 and glass back
Have to disagree with the screen. The built in ones have issues with the sunlight. I’ve had both and prefer the on dash. Looks cleaner too
Sir Mai jindgi ka sahi rasta janja chahata hun... Kaya hai ye jindgi.. Aap K episode dekh kar khus rahena to sikh gaya lekin abhi bhi mere man Mai kuchh question hai... Jis k javab mil nahi rahe... Ye duniya kaya hair. Ham kon hai.... Q hai... Kaya hamari jindagi Mai yahi hai ki Khana pina or khusi se rahena ya dukhi rahena or Mar jana.. Jo aap es country Mai sahi samj rahe Ho vo dusri country Mai galat hai or jo dusri country Mai Ho raha Ho vo hamare liae galat hai.. . Akhir Mai kaya sahi or kaya galt hai... Aap kahege jo tera man kahe vo.. Lekin Mai khud kon hu.... Ye duniya ne Hi jo nam diya uasse sab muje jante hai... Kintu ye dunaiya hi ek rahasy hai... Please sir give me answers.... Please.. Please
Because I want to become the best version of myself, I am here
The best way is to ban every brand that is not allowed to do business with huawei in China also in manufactories. It will damage everything and brings everything down from Apple to Qualcomm China should step up because after this it will be another brand that could threaten US brands.
Are you this fabled Mark-ass brownle, where Will Smith was rambling on about?
Omg, people these days want to be successful... What about happy ? Just because they are wealthy, smart, read '5 hours' every day doesn't necessarily mean they are happy ! I don't get why people put such a pressure on being successful. Steve Jobs was incredibly successful and what ? Read what he has written before death. All that success meant nothing cause he said he would have rather focused on other things in life if he had a chance !
Couldn't agree more with every single one of those items. I run an old 1999 Toyota Altezza (Lexus IS200) and love the fact that you have also figured out old Toyotas are the way to go. You didn't mention that all new cars have LED lights on the rear and now the front. single bulbs are blowing and the first generations vehicles. I can see a great future in having to replace single LEDs very soon as the whole unit will need to be replaced at the dealership. Keep up the good work Scotty, you talk a lot of sense.
StevensonCharles it allows you to have two separate SIM cards in the phone. Something the average doesn’t need from my experience
Sir huawei p20 lite kaisa phone hai??? Iske comparison me koi or phone hai??? Please guide me
Why is it necessary for cars to look "aggressive"? Squinty eyed...mean... Am I alone in preferring cars that look happy?
WOW... If you really listen, like really listen and let any of it sink in this video can change everything for you just like it has for me
Slowly US will stop all trades relating to China products and US only have 2 phones to buy.. Samsung or Apple.. Trump will start WW3 (as some time traveller claims).. so let see how thing is.. but most likely trump will target other chinese phones as well...
I wouldn't call myself an enthusiast by any means, but I think the whole infotainment thing needs to die and be replaced with a clamp for your phone, which can already all the things the infotainment does, often better and there'd be no need to worry about updates.
Added to my home screen. 😀 Smart people are voracious readers. I'd especially add novels, history and science to the self-improvement books he recommends reading. They will enrich your empathy, imagination and conversations in many ways.
I wonder what kind of the book that we should read
It's takes me 3 hours 350+ lines in c. And this just done in nearly 50 lines . That's Python need to be checke now
@DanK.98 Lol, mad because you're wrong lol. The argument isn't if they wanted to, it's if they're able to. Stop going full retard. You look more inferior every time you speak haha.
This issue has a greater implication besides the commercial aspects which is the question of trust in business dealing with the Chinese. They respect, embrace and admire stronger competitor. But if trust is violated forcefully they will never forget and forgive. The game has just began and my money is definitely on the Chinese becos Huawei technology is too deeply embedded and it is just too expensive to totally replace them and it will be too time consuming. Plus the Chinese are natural fighter with deep pocket supported by their govt. God bless America.
my car is slammed cambered all round and stupidly wide love it now but i willl definitely judge myself in the future
its the most stupidest thang i ever seen in malyfe its a prius next to a TESLA!!!
To me, pocophone f1 beats all iPhones, and it is the most complete phone ever, has all what u want. And it has an insane camera
Your video help many people in the world to be the positive person
If I rule this world I will make it better than it is
This was a great tutorial - I am a beginner in Python programming but this video helped me a lot but a person needs to have previous knowledge of OOP (object-oriented programming).
bro i wanna be coder in UBISOFT and i have read that python is really necessary to work in UBISOFT so really thank you...keep going!! love from india!
I think you should separate mid range phones and high end phones so that it is gonna be fair for both mid range and high end phones. Also there will be more choice for different social classes. I will definitely watch the video if you make one! p.s. Your videos are great, keep up the good work!
Plot twist. Trump tweets off a Huawei p30 pro and probably doesn't even know it.
laughs in galaxy s9+ paid in cash with s10+ preordered for every member in family as a gift
Yana Lee can we practice on Skype .If you would like my username is : saugattimilsina
Sirji aap Indian company Yu Yureka 2 ke baar mein kuch nahee bolte ho
You just wasted what ever time it took to create this content. But I agree with you.
Mosh, I am getting an error while importing openpyxl. It says "numpy doesnt have object 'short'". Traceback (most recent call last): File "app2.py", line 1, in <module> import openpyxl as xl File "untitled\venv\lib\site-packages\openpyxl\__init__.py", line 4, in <module> from openpyxl.compat.numbers import NUMPY, PANDAS File "\untitled\venv\lib\site-packages\openpyxl\compat\__init__.py", line 5, in <module> from .strings import ( File "\untitled\venv\lib\site-packages\openpyxl\compat\strings.py", line 10, in <module> from .numbers import NUMERIC_TYPES File "\untitled\venv\lib\site-packages\openpyxl\compat\numbers.py", line 24, in <module> NUMERIC_TYPES = NUMERIC_TYPES + (numpy.short, AttributeError: module 'numpy' has no attribute 'short'
I believe 99.9% who watched this video didn´t even open a single book and read some!!!
love the chemistry between all hosts. I enjoyed the entire show!
Best vedio sir...sir ek qus h ki meri hobby cooking h ..and inn dino mai daily ek new racipy banata hu .and wo pahli baar mai hi kafi had tak acchi ban jati h .and mujhe lag raha h ki cooking mera passion h ..to mai kaise ye judge karu ki realy cooking mera passion h ...fir mai isko apna proffesion banau.sir plz rply ...plz
In the future gas will be cheaper because it will be overproduced when people who can afford a new electric car won't be buying gas. The used market will be strong for a little during this crossover.
The fake vents and exhausts look ridiculous. Shame to the manufacturers
I really want Motorola to get an award because I have one ☝
Anjali Saxena hello aap love ship me new ho I think dear aapko I think love ke baare me doubt clear karne chahiye sab log jarurat puri karne ke liye relationship banate hai koi akela hai to apna akela pan dur karne ke liye kisi ke friend ki gf hai uska dekha dekhi oh bhi gf bana leta hai sab attract hote hai love nhi hota agar love hota hai or aapko marte dam tak bhulega nhi or ghar walo se darega bhi nhi so aapko I think sandeep maheswari ki ek video hai oh dekhni chahiye what is love... Faltu cheezo me time pass mat karo ye sab nadani wala love hota gai real wala nhi padhai karo safal bano.. only aapka time waste hoga galat jagah par
No spare tire(tyre)??? Are you kidding me, modern cars?? That's a dick move.
If you run anything larger than 18's in San Jose you are asking for bent rims. I just replaced my 19's. Huge taxes, worst roads in the country
hi mosh i'm really really enjoying your course and it helped me alot i was interesting on xls file programming so i'm having problem finding the transaction file download link can any one help me with that ?
Why the f you take a driver license when you don't use it and trust your car???
Hi technical guruji jai hind vandematram meri taraf se aap sab ko
They had it side by side and didn't show the names, marketing sales loool...how tf blackberry beat iphone loooool
I daily a 1979 hilux and the interior light still works
Well, GT350 would be a better choice for everyday life, especially if you are not that close to a race track... I would buy a GT350 instead of a GT350R, of course if i would have the money ;(
I'm pretty sure it's just to make the vehicle look cool. Yeah, it looks sleek, but not so good inside. See Subaru for big glass and visibility.
When se said lava lemon.....i heard lauda lashan😂😂😂 hit like if you also heard same
where did u get the anaconda navigator? ive installed anaconda like u told, but cant find anaconda navigator anywhere
All the trends you say, I agree aren't good. Worst being everything being an SUV, as if we're going off road all day long. The best worst car trends video on YouTube.v
Some great points Scotty that I fully agree with you on! These cars with the "huge gaping mouth" that if you get to close appear as though they'll "eat you and your children". Just ridiculous.
It's not low capacity, it's that it's loose so if it's applied to some force the battery will 'disconnect' from the phone
thanks man! i have learned all the basics from your course. keep growing...
OMG 😮 Im assigned for 1yr class almost full time just to learn Python... now im thinking about quitting it after this video!!! Thank you soo much👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Jing He do you have whats app? If have give me a number please
Bill y Ring times are completely pointless. You cant compare lap times when the cars are driven on different days in different weather conditions and most importantly by different drivers. Motor trend does it right testing the cars same day by the same person, limiting the amount of variables.
https://amzn.to/2I0vh4o Waterdrop Screen, Breathtakingly New Vision: Youth is hopeful and promising. The advanced waterdrop notch condenses the camera into a tiny space exactly like a droplet, which is about to drip with limitless possibility. The breathtakingly new vision offers impressive screen-to-body ratio, making the front look unprecedentedly smooth and classy. (6.1'' Waterdrop Screen, 19:9, 89.8% Screen Ratio) Android 9.0, Easy As Pie: Android 9.0 brings Artificial Intelligence to learn your preferences, making the Y8 smarter, faster. The system will analyse your App using frequency to optimize battery power allocation and predict your next action. Android 9.0 helps you go further on one charge. Living a smarter lifestyle is easy as pie. (Artificial Intelligence, Adaptive Battery, App Action, Do Not Disturb, App Timer, Dashboard ) Highly Efficient Performance: The Y8 powers MT6739 quad-core CPU that offers incredibly remarkable system operating experience and highly efficient performance. Its outstanding multitasking capability drives faster data and mission processing. DOOGEE phone is powerful as ever. (MT6739 Quad-core CPU, Up to 1.5GHz, IMG GE8100 GPU, 3GB RAM+16GB ROM ) 8+5MP Cameras, Striking Masterpiece: The Y8 is stacked with 8+5MP rear cameras, which Bokeh effect tailors more stunning portraits and the night mode makes you brighter at dark. The Y8 is here to surprise the world with striking photographs anytime and anywhere, you are always standing in the center of fashion.(8+5MP, Auto-focus, LED Flash Modes: Bokeh, Night Mode) 8MP Engaging Selfie: An 8MP front-facing camera, inserted with big aperture and 80°wide-angle, is ready to elevate your selfie quality. No matter selfie portrait or group shooting)----Safest Face Unlocking: Besides the rear fingerprint unlocking, the Y8 also equips face recognition alternative. Your unique looks will be the safest key to your phone.( Face Unlocking, Rear Fingerprint)
took us a full semester to learn what I learned here in 45 minutes, thanks for wasting my time mr. G
I have a S10+ and i dont at all regret buying it. S10+ is far above all . People only compare camera but they forget the excellent impressive video recording that samsung offers and also S10+ super slow video is far better than any other phone
Thank you for this video.... I realize I wasted my time to a mobile game.... But now my new goal is to reach the threshold to become a youtuber .. So that I never stop learning I watch more videos that help me to grow and to get new things to explore for a new content.... So I need your help guyssss.... If you want to explore my channel your free to check... I love you guys more power to us
but the US's #1 beef is that huawei was started by a miltary guy and more importantly, they make the networks - so it remains to be seen if the other companies will be affected...
Yes Python is the best first language. Here is my Python for beginners tutorial https://youtu.be/nwjAHQERL08?list=PLGLfVvz_LVvTn3cK5e6LjhgGiSeVlIRwt
I have an S9 plus. I sort of agree with this.
It’s your choice. You can read, and learn, and grow, or you can rot your brain playing games all day.
My car is the best car. It dosent have any new tech, it has nothing fancy on the interior, no "infotainment", and only 130hp. But it also has an engine that dosent know how to quit. Around 400,000 miles and still going strong.
I don't see why some of those would not be street legal in the us and alot of them were more like they just never came to America
US Intelligence is pissed because they couldn't easily have Huawei to cooperate to allow backdoor for them without being known to the world. It is much easier for Western Intelligence to do their eavesdropping with Apple, Google, Facebook, Twitter, Cisco, Ericsson....
What do you guys think of the artificially engineered 'pops-and-bangs' found in Jaguar F-Type, Focus RS, AMG CLA45 etc? I find that they are gimmicky and the novelty wears off fast
I agree with everything you said. Thanks for ranting about all these issues. The fake vents especially make me mad.
sir i have a question how do i analyze myself b,coz i dont understand my dreams what is want to achieve please help me sir
dhubara utkar aaya Nokia ka buisness barbadh kar raha hai kya
If you wanna learn how to properly code in Python check Zed A. Shaw's "Learn Python the Hard Way"... It may take a few months to get through it but I believe there's no better course on this subject on the internet
That's a smart Brick. You could build a house with just a few of them bricks.
Sorry guru ji note 7 ka dislike ka liya I'm very very sorry 😊🙏
heck bro it was only 650$ used, and its the smoothest phone on the market, any other phone sucks!!!!!@Joshua Hiller
*that jeep is legal in the us i have a friend who wons one here in the us
@meropzit if all we do is copying,plz tell me the meaning of the following sentence:你tm就是个sb，nmsl
The skyline was never sold in the us therefore it was never tested for us emissions and safety just like every single other car that was not sold here. I don't understand the infatuation with these cars, they're not in some special category, they just weren't sold here.
Thanks for your suggestion di but i also wanna share with you that what i sometimes feel is what i am doing is wrong and even my parents do not want me to choose sports as my career. Thus i get confused ki mujhe kya krna chahiye and i should think of it as soon as possible. What i need is just a confirmation or feel comfortable on my decision
The Chinese government had planted hacking chips on motherboards for hundreds of companies/products. I’m all in favor of NOT buying any Chinese products. Can’t trust them again with hardware.
The old school Mercedes pedal (also very common on American cars) is a great solution for saving space in the center console.
I think this is a good thing that this happened, we might have a good competitor to google. My opinion on this issue, is that trump is just a piece of shit that keeps doing these bans, because Huawei dominated the sales on 5g technology, why you might say? Because they are better, and cheaper than Cisco's crap.
Oh God, I got instant flashbacks to the star wars prequels flinches eye
agree, we paid more for the package that included this stuff and it didnt last a week before it was all off. About the only feature we use is adapative cruise and even then the adaptive bit is in use about 5-10% of the time
can you help me I am trying to Building a Guessing Game but 3 secret number ....plz solve this code secret_number =9,5,6 guess_count=0 guess_limit =3 while guess_count < guess_limit: guss=int(input('guss: ')) guess_count +=1 if guss==secret_number: print("you won") break else: print("sorry you are wrong")
@Richard Dukard Let's how US tech giants lose 70% of their market
BTW the Punkt mp02 phone, that you have reviewed a while ago, a dumbphone for 300$+ has also issues like this, check reddit and let the people know. It's your duty Lew!
I have a question do you think coding bootcamps are worth it?
@John Rebb They've improved it a lot this year. Maybe you shud check them out instead of calling it shit right off the bat
Indians make the best tech videos. I wish I could understand
That's way is wrong, you should show the crowd all 16 and the most voted win, not a vs b but all vs all!!
Thank you! Let me know what you think as you watch more of the tutorial. And also, please support me by liking and sharing the video :)
It’s 1 inch thick and you can’t plug fucking headphones or wet it
I have the Mate 20 X which is pretty much the Mate 20 Pro with a larger screen an battery. To me the Mate 20 pro or X take the top spot. The camera, battery life and performance are top notch.
I'm gonna buy me a Google Pixel 3 whenever I get the chance
Nice tutorial Ur voice is clear n strong on all the internet 😁
Im a huawei phone user, love the hardware but bcoz of the situation, I am definitely not getting another huawei for my future device just bcoz of the fact that it will not be the same version of android. My mate 10 and mate 20 pro would most likely not get Android Q for that matter which sucks big time.
The message of this video is pretty inspirational and motivational, but I think the tense background music and the feeling that you're being shouted at sorta also demotivates you too.
Hum middle-class log hai, hum budget range (under 20k) ki hi baat karenge.... Nokia 6.1 Plus MI A2 Nokia 7.1 Ye bekaar mobiles hai
Hi everyone you can take our FREE English tutorial. Contact us at Skype ediversityph. Or you can also follow us on Facebook for more useful knowledge we post everyday.
Great job, very short and informative. You speak very clearly as well!
@Chris Barr Ya, not like that came in 2013? I believe it was in one of the earlier BDC- Look up the facts first...
Bhai Tera se biswaas uth Chuka hai. Thank god ki tu sirf tech reviewer hai. Maanlo agar tu kids food reviewer hota toh. tu toh paise k liye zahar bech Raha hota. Samaj Gaye honge ki mera matlab kya hai.
Why spend 459 on refurbished when google store was selling new at 699 minus 200 just a week ago
Abe saale Tera Konsa phone hai 60MP camera wala or 1TB storage wala saale kucha bhi daal deta hai Hai Saala chutiya Thumbnail change kar pagal chutiya Aadmi
Apple should prepare for a huge decline in China market now. These days, switching from Apple to Huawei has became a national consensus.
You don't. You would just open up a terminal to run it in. Atom is just the editor.
I thought the next World War would be over resources like water, clearly mistaken 🤔
Because according to the government you don't NEED a truck. God forbid if you want to move anything yourself.
The lack of bumpers. Now a 3 mph bump you have to replace the whole face and even headlights.
Kon kon realme3 pro or poco f2 ka liya excited ha like thoko
This is the real brick to build a house for rich people! Not the supreme one
34:04 WHY DOES THE SHELBY HAVE A CHECK ENGINE LIGHT ON!? It's brand new!
i want talk english. who is would help to me ?
Federico Bertagna exactly. I didn’t say languages. I said Accents. All European accents except the most posh British Cause vehicle voice control difficulty
I think the problem comes from the fact that you're adding FinalString after the new string from numbers. Try this: FinalString = FinalString + " " + numbers[int(number)] OR FinalString += " " + numbers[int(number)] Of course remove the reversed method
भाई मन आपका चनल सबसकराइब कर दिया ह तो पलीज मझ आप परमोट कर द और मर यटयब चनल क बार म आप अपन चनल पर कछ बात कर म दखना चाहता ह कि आप की इतनी ससकार व बडी ह तो आप सबसकराइबरस क लिए कया कया कर सकत ह
Meditation is mine. Has such an effect on my mind I'm not sure building any other habit is possible for me without a quiet mind.
@Raudhah Abdul Hafiz if you need the pen and can't take the tablet with you everywhere, Note9.....
@Nate Eintracht That is absolutely not true. Where did you get the notion that they stated it was the most fun? Jason aside, who was madly in love with the car even before driving it, none of them were particularly enamored with it at all. The dog leg is cool, but the transmission doesn't feel well sorted and is difficult to shift. The engine makes a lot of power, but the car weighs so much it's not fast in a straight line. It doesn't have good handling dynamics on the limit and doesn't put power down well. At 7/10ths it might be a great drivers car, but not the best, and it certainly isn't at 10/10ths.
Then prepare yourself for a non car guy to say: “YoUr cAr iS sO oLd, gEt A bEtTeR cAr!”
all you're doing is complaining that cars are evolving and you like old junk
can we use python and windows at same time or python is a operation system plz reply am a begineer
Electric parking brake I hate it so much I mean how hard it is to pull a lever
Sir, when I'm using Idle it gives syntax error "multiple statements found when compiling a single statement" why?
Incoming phones ke liye dusre channels Ko dekhna padta tha. Ab Aisa karna padega Thank you guruji.
You triggered the whole iPhone fans get ready for a lot of hate comments
I don’t know where all you people are coming from saying this is the worst phone ever I actu
Does anyone know where I can find the last speech by Les Brown just by itself?
SUV's that are not really SUV's. They are station wagons. Trucks are no where near as tough as they used to be. The rest you pretty much hit the nail on the head.
NOKIA PHONES lene ke lie mujhse contact kar sakte hai saste me refurbished Phone😀 contact on 8777094760 CALL/WhatsApp
The crazy things is they all tell us not to use our cellphones while driving because they can distract us but all these infotainment systems are practically just that. That's why I'm gravitating towards cheaper cars with none of those stupid gimmicks. Simple, uncomplicated, gets you from here to there just fine. I hope they stop putting in these stupid LCD displays.
like for tc mera chnl v dekh lo plz bdy hai.mera aaj
I hate all of it all the car features are bullshit, Every car I have had has been from 91 to 99 now grant it they're not as old school as I would prefer but there still a lot better then any 2018 every car I've had the seats you pull them back and forth you pull a lever to lean your seat back the radio has knobs and either you put a cassette tape in it or a CD you actually use a key to start it and both front doors have key slot on them and for the most part there's a decent amount of metal on them and the rims are have been Steel
Only once. Most sale prices depend on the area of sale. In Texas and California, they are still going for ~$5k over, but since they released, in the Mid-West they have been selling for ~$0-2k over from the beginning. It's all about supply and demand. Even with a $20k markup (which is the highest single markup recorded for the gt350, not the average) you could have 2 gt350s and an extra $35k for the price of that McLaren. I love both cars, but man is that Mustang a deal. Also, I'm a little bias, I've only ever owned Fords. Plus, I just bought a '16 Fiesta ST (which is freakin great btw). Food for thought :)
I think this should be useful to improve my speaking skill . Thanks.
Technical Guruji bhai aapki har video ki start m nokia 8.1 ka add aa jata hai
Bana do yr... realme 3 vs realme u1 ki bana do yr...
I prefer your style of tutorials! Best of all on YouTube. I learn sooo fast new languages.
Dude, be nice. WTF is wrong with ppl like you. Make your own videos that have "sharp, cutting edge wit." Also, you should be carrying your last name with more class (aka Robert Metcalf, the father of the Ethernet.)
I still don’t know WTF Start/Stop is, and IDK WTH you’re talking about but keyless entry is awesome. I don’t even need to take the keys out of my pocket anymore, all I gotta do is put my hand on the door handle.
I agree with most of your list, but to a reasonable extent, I think a lot of us would agree that larger wheels, (17-18") look good on sports cars. It's not that big of a deal. If they come from the factory with larger wheels like that they are probably going to be engineered for those wheel sizes.
Worst trend you can't buy light covers on a new car or radio its only 9 year old (Ford) that's only done 51 thousand klm 🤣 or a bonet scoop they don't make them anymore.
Zero tax to the Chinese government for 3 years and cheap labor in exchange for past generation tech is unfair??
Hmm is it really from the top of your head? Or pre-thought. It's still cool but looks pretty thought maybe even pre written. If not, nice one man.
it’s a cool experiment... the other funny one was comparing a iPhone XR side by side an OLED...
But why don't we have to add double quotes with numbers?
Bhi plz yeh batao vivo v9 aur mi a1 main se kon accha hai
biggman100 r33 GTS and GTR models are available for import through a registered importer
nothing rubs me wrong like those stuck on screens on the dash...puke
I would advise banning iPhone (use + manufacture) in China and start working on building their own. This is war, China has to hurt back..
# is a comment that describes what a code does so other coders can understand when reading your Python file. For end-users, they never see the comments as Python 100% ignores them. print x = 'I <3 bacon!' # print the string 'I <3 bacon!'
us is just damn f&$king scared of Huawei’s progress as well as China’s dominance in smartphones world
ANDROID. 7 --- IOS 1... MY PHONE IS ALSO A HUAWEI...HONOR 7A
Guruji plz help me How i can buy this color phone which is in your hand. Plz give answer plz guruji
Jay P BMWs And i guess it's true Scotty did a video about a car you can't check you oil on
I’m an iPhone guy so the XS (not the Max I like smaller phones) would be number one. On the Android side I liked the clean design and approach to bezel removal of the Oppo Find X and also thought the Huawei Mate 20 Pro is very strong. Clever stuff like the Pixel 3 but a much prettier although derivative design. I like the fact that Huawei do their own CPU. Google need to step it up design wise!
Put your SIM in it Lou, We need a deep dive!
How do you enable line numbers? I can't seem to find it.
I like the way you explain the python programming. It was very educational.Please make more software videos and tutorialsL
This was the best video I have ever seen in my entire life.
@Watsonisawesome I will win it! I am special... watch my name next program! :)))
bhai 8000 me billion capture + mil rha h to kaisa option h 3+32 gb
This move from Google will make other phone brands going to make their own Software, its kinda good for creativity and kinda bad for such a big company in phone industry will fall in less than 1 month.
Conversation with the one that's holding you back but they won't speak to you?
disappointed when there is no gaming category when there is a photography category, n also disappointed the ASUS ROG Phone didnt win any awards
Hello Derek, Very good video. A quick glance with a rapid fire speed of python overview. It can help get started on python! Good basic info on class and polymorphism. Thanks Paresh
When I was 12, I had a talent which was art painter and I was the best artist in my whole school later I gave it up because I lived with a toxic people. At age of 14 I wanted to be an athlete (runner) and I was the fastest runner in my whole school later I gave it up because of corruption they made.now I finished my Master of science but still some toxic people surrounded me. I'm gonna make my last fight to survive this. Plz pray for me struggling 🙏🏽
I fucking knew it that google is controlled by the fbi and the cia
Google: I am independent of politics, government's order Trump: just ban Huawei now!! Google: ok.
America products (iphone, chipsets, computers) should not be manufactured in China. Since American are so worried about China spying and copying, Wouldn't "Made in China" product allow a production worker to install "Backdoor" to your Made in China gadgets?
Auto headlights that people just turn off or don't auto come on with wipers.
@6lemans10 lmao, bye. Why you gotta hate on me for asking? 🤣
Emad nejati yeah, the Viper is not for this ladies 😂😂
I'm here for the comment about the "shitbrick falling on your face whilst on the bed browsing"
Nick boswell SAME. I go through audiobooks like crazy but can never seem to finish a hard copy book.
@FarryEntertainment oh okay, but the Note 9 has also a 4000 mah battery or is it to expensive?
what about HEY ASSHOLES UPDATE THE SOFTWARE ON MY 50,000 CAR AND FIX THE FUCKING BUGS SAMSUCKS HAS NO EXCUSE FOR PULLING THAT BULLSHIT AND MOST PEOPLE DUMP THEIR PHONE EVERY TWO YEARS
Realme's phones are the best budget phone.B coz it comes with such a good specifications Guruji you r the best reviewer of the gadget products .We really appreciate you Madhav sheth sir for your work in realme phones.
Or--how many more bucks it takes to fix it if something goes wrong.
Pixel 3 has the best camera. But the horrible look tho
The 2 milionth Defender was sold in 2015 for 400.000 pounds and you call it an "obscure model"? Also, just because you can't drive it doesn't mean I cannot, maybe a more suggestive title next time?! Stop making car videos, please. Or any video about things you know nothing about.
merci pour cette video. mais pourrais-tu me parler du Tecno Camon 11 Pro s'il te plait.
Guru g ye aapke pass phone ese hi pade he Mujhe hi dedo 😂😂😂 Zindgi bhr duayen milengi 🙏🙏😂
Thanks Mosh for the amazing tutorial, However i am not getting the result with the method suggested by you for printing X in F shape . The output result is like this : X XX XXX XXXX XXXXX X XX X XX XXX XXXX XXXXX X XX X XX
What an idiot was announcing this video, the part about Donkervoort D8 GTO Blister Berg Edition, was the biggest bullshit I have ever heard, "it's definitely can't be legal in USA? Hello, what kind of scrap peases do you rednecks welding together getting registered and driving on public roads. The commentator of this video is the biggest dumb-ass I have ever heard in videos about car. I feel sorry for such a dumb pease of shit... 🖕🖕🖕
Why is Morgan Freeman on the cover of this video? That definitely isn't Morgan, Dumb ass lmao
0:35 what do I click? I use windows 10. I tried a couple but they dont look similar to yours, it executes automatically after I type a line...Plzz help!!
USA doing all the nasty works to block the next biggest tech company who is winning, all propaganda and yet no proof. Real leaders around the world dont even buy this shit, so USA has to do their lowest scumbag move to force everyone to obey. what a shame to the greatest powerful country it used to be.
I love my 2001 Jeep Cherokee. No Abs, stability system...manual parking brake , 4 speed automatic that always is in the right gear and shifts instantly with no hesitation. Excellent outward visibility, rugged painfully simple drivetrain that is both easy and cheap to repair by any mechanic. The straight six with an iron block is from the ice age. Response is instant ...no turbo.... no stop start just instant torque. I do not like having my family in the Cherokee. Aside from being very solid it just is not a safe car. .......so........ in about 10 days I am buying the safest car money can buy. I am still keeping the Jeep. My new car will hit 60 in under 5 seconds. It has excellent handling and steering feel. It has room for four 6 foot + people. It also has the black piano trim, electric parking brake and a big screen in the center of the dash. A stability system that can’t be turned off. I drove it and I love it. Excellent vision all around ( save the rear view). In spite of being the safest car on the road. Instant torque like nothing else I have experienced with only a 1 speed transmission. Every thing that is wrong with most modern cars Tesla somehow got right. So like 108,000 people before me and over half a million people still waiting for a sedan .... not an Cuv. I am getting a Tesla 3. I won’t be saving the world quite yet ( I think the Cherokee and the 3 cancel each other out).
eu sou viciada em ver videos de conhecimentos gerais me chamam de louca
44 seconds in and all i hear is fuck this and fuck that......nonsense goodbye.
i totally agree with this man. as i've tried it. and the perfect place i feel is vipassana centre. just as my advice to all to once visit and witness urself.
If we don’t sacrifice for our dream, our dream becomes our sacrifice....
Are guruji koi 15000 se 20000 Ke beech me koi phone ho to bataiyega........sabse achche specs hone chahiye.......😊
Thank you i have done that before till after 3 months of school i started to get worried of something i dont know what it is but i might need your help to know what im worried about
Mi mix 3 for me, had the 1 and 2, and the evolution of the form factor makes it just perfect for me
Craig Yirush because they didn't want to be there, like Ferrari
and how about mate 20 X？ is it not big enough?
@Deplorable Dave piano black is gloss black pretty much. Looks sorta tacky and gets super dirty, and it's always visible
Nice Video Technical Guruji Yani Gaurav Chaudhary TG Chaliye Shuru Karte Hain
Imagine it freezes and you have to wait for it to die 💀
Can someone please tell me the name of the person speaking in this video????? Why isn't it written under a video?
ok i will try it and make a routine throughout my whole day. thanks for your advice and support =)
I cringe so much with number 1. The new parking brakes are fucking trash. Give me a damn lever that i can rip around corners
I want to use python to program rasberry or arduino carte to use it in some robots
Sir app ke wajah se aaj mein bohot khus hoon.actual mein itna khus hoo.jiska koi haad nehi.thank you sir.
Just about every app on any phone that you use has access to your phone and data, who gives a fuck if its Google, Apple, Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, Samsung, Huawei they are all at it and if you are actually that bothered then you should just stay of the Internet, this is nothing but a vendetta against Huawei and I for one won't be put off buying their far superior devices.
Sounds much like Sidharta Gautama Buddha *laugh a very wise indian Prince
Thank you for this motivating video! I am really not a fan of reading books in general but I might just want to read more to be more productive. I like watching documentaries though :) does that count? Anyway, great video 👍
s9+ This phone has been great to not have been listed in the top.
I pick the habit of meditating in this course, since I'm doing lots of sport anyway (I'm a dancer) and can afford to not focus on fitness for a while
After 10 hours of coding sweat running down from my head, "Alright let's see what this baby can do", hits F5, "Hello world" EDIT: Thanks for the likes :P
You totally missed the point on 9 and 10 speed transmissions. On modern engines that hit the torque band at low rpms, the higher gears allow the vehicle to sit in the torque band for a larger amount of time. Also you missed the ball on keyless entry too. All vehicles with keyless entry have a physical key built in. Auto manufacturers aren't stupid. Of course you can get into you car with a dead battery. Also beside the shifter there is usually a plastic bit that can be popped off to shift the transmission into neutral to jump the car.
It doesnt matter if a smartphone camera has 2k megapixels on it if youre planning to take pictures for instagram youre always gonna get disappointed unless it's apple
I'm new to all this and you jumped to being in the pycharm. I couldn't find the console for python how you did. I ended up pressing "command e" and then I could see the python console. But you have two windows and I only have one. So it prints a line below in the same window. There is an event log window but nothing comes up in it when I am just typing in the python console.
Akalah Fabrice, but is the video quality at 4K 60FPS? That’s the iPhone XR’s camera.
You are amazing CJ dojo you are amazing Love you tutorial
Now, every country knows how dangerous relies on US companies and will build a wall to stop facebook, google and twitter. Trump is really a wall builder.
you mean ramble and waste our time and speak repetitively? go see techaltar's video, he covers more than lew in just 10 minutes
The "Donkervoort" is a dutch car manufacture. I recently drove in one of those and there are awesome. The "Blister Berg Edition" was just a edition. They build a couple more of those cars.
after watch this video i lost 5 hours of my time thinking about myself, well done Bill Gates
Amen, I have been thinking about these things for a long time. I didn't buy a new car recently because the company refused to put in a damn volume control knob. Big physical buttons should be required for all the basic functions for stereo operation and climate control, it should NOT be buried in a touch screen that you have to stare at and mess with while taking your eyes off the road. I have seen some mfg's coming back to real buttons already. I mean seriously what's next, a touch screen to lower the windows, or open a door, no of course not, that's not what we want obviously, so why put climate controls in a damn touchscreen.
No, it comes to the fact that Instagram takes a lot of the quality when you upload the photos!
yes. you should learn the basics of python and program simple games like tic tac toe, asteroids, etc before you try to do something big. maybe spend a month or two learning the basics and then start looking towards more advanced projects.
Lynda Randall You Will make It. I congratulate you for your decision. Keep on going.
Said as china bans most things, including google. Who are you kidding here now.
You are typical gas enthusiasts which can’t accept progress, in a few years we will all have to move to electric vehicles. And also why do you find electric cars annoying? They are quiet ecological and so futuristic. But I somehow agree on self driving feature in Teslas-it’s cool but not ready
This why you have so many viewers, Lou. You can switch from hilarious reviews to serious deep dives in a heartbeat. I really enjoy your work. Great watching your channel(s) develop.
Not that it deserves an award, but the Xr is the iPhone most people find to be the best value and size out of the Apple line-up. People are selling their Xs and Xs Max for the more reasonably priced Xr. Otherwise, great choices on the awards you presented. 6T deserved that award. The McLaren version certainly was an even better offering.
Some of us still want a FTL car. We're too lazy to get places.
they just could have made a 8000mah phone that is slightly thicker than others.. but this is just..... -.-
I think automakers should ask the people buying the cars what they think instead of going ahead and changing things that end up not working real well.
Iphone in the worst phones of 2018 It made my day
German media "Daily Mirror": Huawei equipment "back door" was not found, the United States Cisco has found 10 since 2013
anytime there is a new vehicle behind me at night i have to flip my mirror as if they had their brights on, they are almost as bad as brights. i was making a left on a small side road w a truck behind me w blinding new leds, i actually pulled into the wrong side of the road bc i couldn't see anything
I was looking for a phone when I can play ROBLOX. I lost all my faith in humanity...
BMW has cruise control which make the car drive by its self
Using my P20 Pro from South Africa. Anxiously waiting on what will happen.
i am wondering why i had spent too much time reading comment section instead of books.
None of these are bad there just complaining rants and shit
hmm Im stuck, everytime I try to open the keylogger it shows a commandprompt for a split second which says File "C:\Users\MYNAME\desktop\keylogger.py", line 6 logging.basicConfig <filename=file_log, level logging.DEBUG format='%(message)s' ) SyntaxError: invalid syntax replaced MYNAME with my own name ofcourse, anybody to help me?
Good smartphones but not a good year for Marcus (YouTube rewind)
Sir 10.or G Lena to change gain but new brand hai or reviews bhi achhe nhi hain kya Karen?
Hi, I personally agree with all of them but one, the Turbo engines. I understand your point, the turbo engines are much more complicated to operate because it implies a significant more number of mechanical pieces to move the car. In your video you pointed out the Turbo problem with Chevrolet Cruze. Please let me tell you that VolksWagen and its subsidiaries make excellent turbo engines, with very low maintenance costs and super efficient. Chevrolet once told VW that they will show how a 1.4 turbo engine will really work on a vehicle, but I think they failed with Cruze. Talk to people that have a Golf, a GTI, a SUV with this engine and I can assure you these people are very happy with their cars.
Guys if you want to practicing English all the time! There's an application everyone speaking english back there. https://discord.gg/a8njE
I won tomorrow in halaplay 10000. Join fast link is givn in comment box
Hi......I've been meditating everyday for over a year and i have to agree with the wise advice you are giving in this video - Meditation is a complete game changer that will change your life for the absolute better. Thank's for posting !!
Google pixel is on point, staying on 1 camera lens yet produced a high quality image
1. That huge fckng touchscreen every car has now. Srsly , whats the point of it! 2. keyless entry and start/stop. Just gotta love a key for your car!
Who actually takes their daily driver to the track and uses their handbrake to drift around turns? Almost nobody. Unless you have a manual transmission, you almost never use an e-brake anyway.
@Apache-Yaqui Brown Helps quite a bit for the learning process at a minimum though.
No one is perfect in this world and people who have myopic vision always make fun of anyone and they try to find out shortcoming of next person so that they can pull him down. I know lots of American they say they feels good whenever they talk to a person from foreign country. Even one Native speaker told me that whenever he hears native speakers in any social gathering he doesn't have anything to look forward.
Did I just 97,000 deaths on the Tesla roadster that hasn’t come out yet.
@Yuzhou Qu If this is true then why is Samsung not attacked? Why aren't other people just getting wrecked to? Why isn't OnePlus and other chinise companies being attacked? Your argument makes no sense.
The winner for "The best small smartphone" should be a small smartphone in my opinion.
@R3D Apple in 2nd place in terms of what? Unit sales? 90% of all profits made from all smartphones goes to Apple, all other competition which makes up 80% of the marketshare, takes only 10% of of the pie when it comes to profit. Now, do you think Huawei entered the business for 2~5% margin, knowing that selling lemonade has far higher margin? Nope, they intend to eventually charge 37% margin like Apple does, which means, Apple is already at where Huawei wants to be ( the reason Huawei entered the market in the first place ), and Huawei is still far, far, far behind in being able to convince consumers to pay more than 5% margin for their hardware. Why do you suppose Huawei have unnecessary "Porsche Design" edition and team up with "Leica" to charge premium? Huawei is still stuck in Andriod's price war swamp and is trying to get out of it to start charging like Apple does. So, no, Huawei is still far far behind, let alone beating Apple.
TTD: Time To Draw it's not pressure it's a advice to lead our life useful way
Ghatiya phne ka to pata nahi pr ghatiya chanel techanical guruji h v9 best phne h m use kar rha hu
I hate it when it makes that annoying beeping sound when we get out and in the car and I hate it when we turn the turn signal is so loud
I already commented this I saw this video already but came back here to write this comment. You have very good cameras and editors kindly help PewDiePie to get better quality on his videos, I also commented on his video with few suggestions.
Yeah, Americans have to be #1 and winning - by whatever means, because they are born superior!!!!!!
None of you simple car drivers seems to be aware that this touch screen technology goes hand in hand with millions of deaths in the Congo over the last decade or so. You people are very irresponsible inhumane selfish egocentric short sighted braindead hairless monkeys. All you car owners have a lot of blood dripping from your shoulders. Add the wars in the Middle East over oil. Shame on all of you!!!
They were thinking "Wow, that Chrysler 300C looks cool". Because, correct me if I'm wrong, but that's where that stupid trend started.
I would like to work on the working out one. I've been doing it for a while now but it's not exactly there.. I miss weeks at a time sometimes and always tell myself I'll do it later. Sometimes I'll have a month that is just beastly and I won't miss a day, but then my friends come over for the night or something and my will power just goes down the drain. So I'll miss a week, and then go slowly back into it. I just want to make it a solid habit
sir ji aap ki sari video bahot best he me aap se puchta hu kya huwai nova 3i kharid sakte he plz reply
Retarded Pepe U r replying to someone who called your opinion useless!
Stupid because door handles that can open for you are cool
I was gonna say the same til I saw y'all comments lol
Ffs another dumbass 12 year old fortnite kid that is begging for subs
umm the x-bow is street legal in america this dude is a dumbass
Forget the Game of Thrones now it begins the game of smartphones.
Not to mention all those fumes from the chemicals in plastics is toxic for health
Gaming on a phone has a size of a power bank? I can already feel the pain of my hand right now.
Hey #Dojo... Watching Start From #Bangladesh. These videos really appreciate a lot of helpful. Here there is something to learn about the reality. Thank You Bro....!
When I try to launch Jupyter, I get a message that says Connection refused: localhost:8888. What is my solution?
Looking at performance per $ value alone, the Camaro 1LE wins for sure.
Tyler Vogel how are modern cars worse when they properly crumble. i’d never buy a child a car without at least driver and side airbags, because new drivers have to gain experience and learn over time
Yes the on and off feature will make your cars engine wear so much quicker. Since town driving in general puts a lot of wear on the engine turning it on and off constantly will wear it out 3 times quicker
Millennials are driving the Vehicle Manufacturing as they are the ones that pay extra for garbage they don't need. But because they are permanently online and their lives, purchases are being shared so they need to show off their everything. I am Gen X so I don't use the major features the vehicle is trying to sell me.
Hlo sir mene aapna dream toh phele se hi choce kar liya tha aur m uss me aap kaam bhi kar rahi thi but mujhe outcome nhi milta sir I don't why i think me aapna 100% nhi dhaal pa rhi plz sir time mile toh mujhe reaply karna i think ur thinking is ke aap ko india me bhutt se compititer khade karne h mujhe bhi ussi me ek hona h plz sir tim milene pe iss ko pdhna jarur i like ur thinking level thaxs plz reply
Ennis Spider-Man was my favorite. I kind of liked the first 2 seasons, but I'm having a hard time watching the 3rd. What I liked about the comic is that it would be really dark sometimes and then flip over to being really goofy. They proved they could get dark with what they did with Zoom, but they are afraid to get really goofy.
@Alan Harake Even crazy old Warren Buffett is worried about self driving cars. Its the future! I would honestly consider buying stock on it now before its too late.
Also the "safety" features make people become lazy, distracted, and bad drivers. Namely, lane-keeping assist, blind-spot monitoring, auto-braking, self-parking, and purported Autopilot. If you unable to maintain your vehicle within a travel lane and keep safe driving distance with the cars in front of you, then you shouldn't be driving. Blind-spot monitoring might have some benefits, but I've seen people solely rely on that when switching lanes without turning their heads. Don't you still need to know how to parallel park to pass road test? Or has that changed? Autopilot? Let's just say that is more than a marketing gimmick than a feature. Take a Uber next time if you are too lazy to drive.
The word you were looking for was Propaganda Lew 😂 There are options to root devices and side load apps (depending on how far this will go). But what bothers me the most is that we tend to overlook how restrictive China is in allowing American companies to sell their goods to the people of China. Software companies like FB and Twitter, Google (YouTube etc) and all of the rest aren't even allowed to be used on their devices. But that doesn't even account for the stolen (or I guess the PC version would be "copied" versions) they use instead. Hardware and other products are just as bad (now it might have become less restricted recently and I am a bit off here but you get my meaning). This is a horrible thing to do, and I hope it is resolved. But saying it's an attack on their People is a bit much. Especially when you compare it to what their government allows them to do with IP and what it when does to them. It's really an attack on the company's dealings outside of China.
I am going to start free tuitions.. so that I can help poor people... 10 students are coming from April onwards... that's makes me feel good...
I want learn python bcoz i am very interested in AI which has a great future! I feel learning coding as a game
Nokia wala nhi lena fir, Second me konsa suggest kiya wo samjh nhi aaya jo 6 haar tak ka btaya, pls reply
Derek Bananas, you should teach everything. How to make any casserole, train any kind of dog, ... The possibilities are endless
i hate it on the sedans, but on the suv/crossovers it is really sick looking.
The inability to remove Sirius Radio from the option menu is very annoying. I don't want Sirius radio. I will never pay for it. Hyundai told me it was built into the system and it can't be removed. I have to scroll through it every time I scroll through the options on the radio.
Install : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=17s Basics : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=2m23s Arithmetic : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=4m21s Strings : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=5m54s Lists / Arrays : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=8m8s Tuples : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=12m24s Dictionary : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=13m37s Conditionals : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=15m46s For Loop : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=19m41s While Loop : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=21m57s Functions : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=24m59s User Input : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=26m34s String Functions : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=26m57s File I/O : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=30m11s Classes / Objects : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=32m4s Constructors : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=34m39s Inheritance : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=37m24s Overwriting Functions : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=37m58s Overloading Functions : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=39m47s Polymorphism : http://youtu.be/N4mEzFDjqtA?t=41m19s
hey i am somewhat confused so it be really nice if someone could clear this for me. You mentioned what an IDE and later on you suggested Pycharm's Community edition to follow the series but later on in the video you said you will use Jupyter Notebook as a IDE. Are the same thing? and why did you suggest Pycharm and later on said that you will use Jupyter notebook? Is it simply because it's easier or is it more effect? what will change for me if i choose Pycharm?
Nice Realmi 3pro I am very Interest this 📱 and very nice video
What bothers me most about new cars is the sudden urge to do something 'new and exciting' with the gear selector. Whether it's a knob on the dash, a joystick on the dash, a knob on the center console or some other thing. What was wrong with the regular shifter on the steering column or the center?
For that price, the Nokia phones are the better phones in this price range.
Kuch bhi ho sir bt ek bar dil to tutna hee chiye kuch paane k liye..
The front ends of cars are mandated to be a certain height for pedestrian safety now. That's why they have to make the grills so BIG!!!
Pls shaee some old. Phone if u have some :) thanks
I just wanna punch who created the electronic handbrake kkkkkk at least the should offer it like an optional, seriously I hate that
@GTA V Gameplay & More Programming is made up from a few abilities being : 1. The ability to except input, 2. To provide output 3. The ability to perform a task multiple times 4. The ability to perform tasks depending upon a condition 5. Creating and calling for pre-created code to execute (functions) 6. Some languages allow you to simulate the creation of real world objects in code (Object Oriented Programming) Tell me if you have questions. I'm here to help :)
sir i am biggest fan of yours.you are such a mind blowing and mind reader also.
Mujhe Coconut ka phone chahiye.😢 Or Potato ka phone chahiye.. Market mein milega to Vai???? 😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀
So far it indeed is the best video on YouTube so I’m liking and subscribing as requested. Thanks for the great material
indeed the successful in children adam "HUMAN" who's trust to lord only GOD
Agree about the grills. What is worse is when Subaru and Hyundai copied Ford and made cars with the Aston Martin looking grill. No originality at all.
My birthday is on 26 Feb bro need a good mobile video , I will buy whichever u mobile u unbox , just find good one for ne . 😊
Nice telling mute to shut up on this genius guy and thinks tesla is safest f*cking roblox lover.
I prefer dashboards that put visuals (information screens and readouts) in a position that requires the least amount of eye movement from that information to the road. I owned a second gen Prius and an 06 Civic and both made it so easy to monitor, check, and take-in (necessary) information with virtually no distraction from the road. Yes, I too thought those screens sticking out of the top of the dash were idiotic and stupid, but after having a Jetta with the screen BELOW the freaking air vents for two years, I'm targeting cars like the AudiA3 or 4 with that screen closer to eye level in a safer position. What do you think about the "heads-up" displays Mazda uses? P.S. Tesla's design doesn't work. Talk about a distraction. What do you do every time you want to find something or need information? Pull over?
MKBHD, just became aware of ur channel when I was searching for Samsung Galaxy 9 reviews. I just ordered mine. I said I wasn't going to buy another flagship phone, but as u say, they make a perfect phone. I had a S5 and S6. They gave me no probs. So I'm excited. Thanks for taking the time to educate us.
Thank god. Thanks USA for putting a stop to these intellectual property thieves.
@Baylee LeBron same here...new raspberry pi 3b+ owner..looking to tinker with some code. 😁
I think It died because you shook it. It has loose battery issue.
Are you guys talking about austria or australia now? because you wrote different countries
If y'all sitting in yo room or wherever you are now and watching stupid video like this then how would you be successful instead of watching this get up and try to make it in reality
@Klasse Act; No problem and yeah, like Nickolai said above, the new stang 5.0 engine has both direct and port. It makes things more complex under the hood, but I think the mfgs. are seeing how direct is going to be a problem child down the road. I think we'll see more and more dual setups. And yeah, it's interesting that the Germans don't follow suit, they will I'm sure.
Chinese will put extra effort $$$ on helping a democratic candidate get elected on next election lol.
Completely disagree with this list. You have all the time to figure your car out and figure out the interface. The stuck on screens are stylish in the German cars. The retracting handles look awesome, and yes ppl care about appearance. Most of your footage is of Fiat Chrysler vehicles which I think have some of the best interiors and infotainment setup.
In computer class at my school, i had the teacher shook when i knew how to do it lol
dusro ka bhala karne par bhi mere sath bura hota h why
pls pls pls pls please please PLEASE, i need forza 6 Please be nice please!
Can I get this car with some urban, fiscally irresponsible, look at me, wheels?
Huawei is taking a huge hit, yet getting the most advertisement ever...
What you're saying is not accurate. Nobody is forcing you to watch my videos.
For all of the complaints, and many are valid, vehicles today are safer, more efficient and better performing than ever.
Why the fuck did I read it in voice of frank castle
@Divine Hazard What outside rescources did you look at? Im not sure where to go after this video.
Mobile nahi choda....but games and whatsap uninstall Kiya...only Insta .... Ab time to mill Raha hai...khud pe concentrat krne ke liye.... Thanks for the video sir
Maybe is an stupid question but I'm scared if this going to be far as Usa government will take my device at border security department to prevent the use of unauthorized device inside USA. Do you believe this is going to happen ?
We on social media no one gonna see your high quality photos on IG or Twitter lol pocophone is it
sir kya study mai career nhi ...? mujhe study achhi lagti toh mai or kuch kya karoo plz give me answer?
I dont believe just F U broh F U who the guy will believe u just edited it
I want to take vivo x21 is it a good choice or no
@vikat kaatanevaala what's so bad about it lol Minecraft was a great game
Too much cursing at the beginning, I can do with out that .
SIKE! IT IS THE RAZER PHONE 2! BECAUSE I AM AN EDGY EPIC GAMUR BOI
This stuff is so powerful. I wish they would show this to people in High School. I will certainly be offering this advice to my two boys when they are old enough to comprehend. I am on my journey of becoming a professional photographer and I won't stop until I get to where I want to be!
Marvin Harrison Smith II exactly. WASTED SPACE IN A CRAMPED CAR IS N O T A GOOD IDEA
So who started eating cats and dogs first, the Koreans or the Chinese?
If your going to do another one of these put in the Nissan Skyline R34
this simply means that US is afraid of CHINA. NOTHING less NOTHING more.
I would like to know Randy's time in the Miata race car.
I know cost "isn't a factor", but the fact that you can afford a GT350R and you can't afford a 570s says something about the real winner - it's 3x the price tag! I'm very partial to the viper b/c I just always have loved that car, but that aside if I had to pick one of the others, I think I'd pick that GT350R w/o much of a second thought.
I’ve been procrastinating over starting a website/small online business for around 6 months. After viewing this 2 hours ago I am now 2 hours into my new start up. Thank you.
That's how Soviet cars where engineered - simple, cheap and easy to maintain. But West hated the idea and now we have these "space ships" on the roads. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Stuck on screen looks cheap. Only Audi Q7 screen is retractable.
The Ones with the bo autopilot stick to that Manual drive is better and more safe
Began self-learning python 4 weeks ago and was able to follow along for the most part although there were a few methods and libraries I've never encountered in this video. As for how much time I spent in those 4 weeks, I would say around 10-15 hours a week. I also use Pycharms which is a super easy IDE to use and followed the materials in a textbook titled, 'Explorations in Computing: An Introduction to Computer Science and Python Programming' by John S. Conery. Currently on chapter 8 and hopefully I will get through 9 and 10 this coming week.
Samsung -The best Apple - copys samsung Alexa-savage PAW Patrol - the best show Chick fl a - the best restaurant This phone... GARBAGE
Daniel Hill i completely agree! I turned this off 8 seconds into the video because he totally turned me off with his language!
I tottaly agree. You forgot the infotaiment system, damn so manny buttons and functions to distract your attention from the road
Video is just superb but it all depend on me how will I implement this learning.
one two I'm sure the ban is playing ”fair” in this scenario.🙄
I hope this leads to a third viable mobile OS. So tired of only two choices since windows phone went under.
solve problems like calculating fibonacci sequence etc etc use hackerrank,codechef websites for tasks
Hey there, I wanna know the smartwatch your wearing on this episode
@Jing. R. yeah huawie isnt nokia but its following the same fate
it's funny that I actually tried raising to a negative power and a decimal in the raise_to_power function at 2:46:00, maybe it would be a good exercise to try make that function to work in decimal and negative powers 😊
crazy expensive warranties that are in the manufacturers favor. Maintenance intensive cars were key parts are impossible to find. Heavily exaggerated lap times and 0-60 speeds. And Finally the general direction that Tesla will push cars into. .
@MFaust32096 . I don't know where the Communist Party will push China in the future. But I also hope that they can strike a balance between freedom and democracy and communism. And now China, I think we are not communist now. Doctrine. I think it would be too exaggerating if it was developed into American freedom. If I choose a direction or a Nordic system, I am yearning for it.(I didn’t know you were discussing politics before)
If you think about it, considering how big cell phones were, back when they were first made, this is still compact. It's still a leap forward, just remember to charge it overnight or you'll be kicking yourself in the morning lol.
Imagine being in bed with the 18000 mah phone and dozing off. With that brick hitting your chest or head you prob would t have a hard time waking up
Can someone explain to me whats happening from 21:10 to 21:53. I get it that he has 3 lists within a list, but how is it possible to read through the list with the x and y? I am confused
Thomson ka Naya TV 32" vs. mi ke 32" ka video banaye...
3:43 THIS is what ticks ME off - youtubers who don't know how to spell. Overcomplicated. How hard can it be to finish the 4th grade?
well the paid course is probably better, i mean it would be weird if the course you got for free was worse than the course you paid for. also the paid course is around 10 hours, while this one is 6, so yeah the paid course is better, however if you dont want to pay this video is a great way to learn.
I did enjoy the video, of mostly on target. But while I don't own the phone because I have an s10+, I think you missed the mark the LG G8 ThinQ, OK it has that gimmick with the hand scanner, but otherwise it's right up there, and already discounted to $700.00 unlocked from a reputable dealer, or less on some carriers who are giving $200 Visa cards which could bring it down to $620.00. At about $300 less. I would have bought this instead. It's cameras are great. While no on screen fingerprint scanner, the rear scanner is fast, it's face unlock is more secure. The screen while not as good as Samsung is still pretty damned good and QHD. I just don't think it gets the respect. But is starting to sell stateside. While I wouldn't but it in the top 5, I would in the top 15. I also understand this is more a global audience and price differences may vary do to regions. The G8 also isn't one hottest in design but more function over looks. Every company has it's gimmicks, not only LG.
Well sometimes its usefull, I used to forgot to turn off my lights so it was pretty useful at the time, now its just anoying
STOP!!! DON'T SCROLL AND DON'T LET PASSED YOUR SINGLE SEC! GO BACK FOR YOUR WORK
One of the things that pissed my off was when they discontinued the under dash BJ option.
I read about cold showers and tried it myself. It worked when I did it. For some reason it does energize you for the day, don't know why.
If you don't use these things - they are senseless to you. But for those who actually use them - it's like a goldmine. And about the idea of using a screen instead of a windshield: it is great for a night drive because you can trace the info about speed or anything else on the screen and don't look down on a speedometer. Also, you can install night vision cameras and see the road a way better than just with your naked eyes. I proud that there are the manufacturers that still makes something new. Look at the smartphones today: they are so similar to each other in design and overall look. Standardization is not always good. SFMBE.
सअर क बचच इस साल क यह ह 5 फोन दखना ह तो दखो वरना भाड म जाओ
@ozytheo2 WHAT! U DON'T LIKE THE SIDE EFFECT OF DEMOCRACY BOMBS FROM USA?? THE MOST FREE COUNTRY ON EARTH AND GUARDIAN OF DEMOCRACY?
About SUV's, I find it strange that we constantly hear (in Europe) that we have to fix the planet by driving cars that don't pollute or pollute way less. But why are so much people buying these ugly gas hogs then?
I cant import Modules 3:27:06 please anyone tell me what to do. It happened the first time I imported it but not anymore in any file Edited :- I created a new project and it worked can anyone explain me this....
He already did before so there is no way he'll make same video
Why is (a lot of) the rest of the world just following the US without thinking for ourselves... For example Europe is just acting like a brainless dog here...
If someone creates a car company, that makes cars and engines as they did in the 1960's, up to the very early 70's, I get the feeling that they will make a fortune. I I know I'd buy one.
Is their a way to send the data remotely to a bother computer
I was on my way to Canada with my parents and my brother and my sister and their was fog everywhere lucky we didn’t crash
1. C# 2. Selenium 3.Making GUI with VSC and implenting C#
1 in 750 000 chance of winning - i must believe. I always wanted an xbox!
Day one of nofap. Let's do this together bros. We got this.
Which language do you prefer is the best in this modern world in the field of robotics ?
I predict China will not retaliate against Apple. Why lose double the revenue? What do they gain by harming Apple? Nothing. In fact it would benefit them to do the opposite - make Apple even more dependent on Chinese production ...
I completely understand you when it comes to the over complicated tech. I rented a Volvo a month ago when I was on a trip and spent 30 minutes on the touch screen just to turn off the damn stop and go system and I consider myself highly tech savvy since I work in the high tech industry
Maine to start ki voice sun k hi subscribe kr diya
My friends all Bully me because I’m the only in the group who has an iPhone 💀
my video got 50 views and 800 comments when I saw this videos
Thank you for your efforts sir Aapka tahe dil se dhnyavad ❤ ❤ 🇮🇳 🇮🇳 🇮🇳 🙏 🙏
Was about to upgrade from a p10 to the p30 literally this weekend due to the amazing camera performance (also one of the best smartphones without a curved display - I'm personally against curved screens but I understand the design appeal) but obviously having to rethink after this bombshell. Anyone got any recommendations of other phones with good cameras around this price point?
Lol yes, yes, let the ignorance and the fact that you didn't actually listen to Lew consume you!
I guess that's what happens when you let a woman design a car. Lol. J/k!!!
That Tesla Autopilot crash was the drivers fault. You are supposed to keep your hands on the wheel and stay alert. Tesla is by far one of the safest car brands there is. Also, it doesn’t seem fair to blame car manufacturers safety features when it’s the drivers fault, you’re not supposed to rely on them and drive unaware
Improvement Pill I read, meditate and play soccer.. And yet I'm unable to quit smoking.. What am I doing wrong ?? To be honest, I study texts and materials related to my field of expertise, and read other books when I have the time. I play football every Sunday. And I meditate when ever I'm home at night ( I hv 2 night shifts/ week ) So.. Will doing these things on a daily basis help ? It's hard to find time, but I try . Please help !!
Absolutely! My 2 Mazdas do this. Took a week or so to remember to look at the ventilation system lights. My new one has automatic mode, but it can be turned off.
Dude. The reason for flush door handles is for reducing noise (they're right next to the driver so any noise reductions are very noticeable) and aerodynamics.
Why bash the Note 9 ? Just cause you don't like it ? I got the Note 9 ( and a Mate 20 Pro ) and the Note is still a beast. With a good sense of taking care of it and a normal usage .. it still gets me 6 hours and half of SOT in a heavy day and 8 hours in a chill day. My maximum was 10 hours and half of SOT. Weaker battery life my ass. And what ... S10+ opens an app 1 second faster and that is WoWoW ? Yeah tell the Average Joe that ... he might be veeery amazed ...... not. The camera system is good for its age. Yeah you don't have a ultra wide ... so what ? The front facing camera is not WOW material on the S10+ either. You gonna get the hearts and likes anyhow on social media ... so ... ? Speaking of bezels ... at least the bezels are symmetrical unlike the hole punch. The fingerprint scanner never ever failed me while the ultrasonic one is still hit and miss even after updates. I understand the marketing gimmick here ... promoting the S10 ... but come on ... Note 9 is aging very well and people should consider it too. For the price of the Note 9 right now ... it offers one of best packages. A solid phone for at least 2 more years. Your channel is watched by normal people too, you know ? Not only by tech-ies, phone collectors or rich people that can afford to change their phones at 6 months or yearly etc. So speak right my man.
Gaurav sir I'm your very big fan please something reply me sir🙏🙏🙏
Hey, great video :) I wanna ask, does it matter if im using window and u are using mac? Can we make a same app, lets say i wanna make app for window or app for ios.
https://youtu.be/xBZ--aaojfQ check this most dangerous haunted game in world it can give heart attack play at ur own risk !!!!!!!! !!!!!
50 days is such a crazy exaggeration who the hell believes this 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I'd suggest you watch this tutorial to the end and complete all the exercises. I've carefully designed these exercises to help you train your programming brain. Once you learn to code, you're halfway there. For data analysis, you also need some math background. There are plenty of resources out there, so don't worry if you don't have a math background.
Hooray for you! I think the Lexus's with the "cowcatcher" grill is the worst design since the Pontiac Aztek. Also hate the fake vents and scoops needed to make a poor design better.
@陈俊舟 still you will need developers to have a successful OS and i doubt they would work with Huawei
There's an app to crank your car if you have a flat battery and also a welder app.
I hope Samsung will make some significant improvements on the Note 10 in comparison to the S10, otherwise I'll go with the S10 5G.
Bhi ji realme itni late kyu launch kar raha h 10 april tak kya nhi aa sakta bhi ji
How did you learn Python and all of your languages? and if you read books which books?
In the thumbnail : "He Focuses on the phone, his face gets blurred" *blurs the actual phone*
I have my OnePlus 3T, great device, bough for around $380(128GB version) and I have it like over 2 years, let's assume I'll use it for 3 years, that's $10 per month! This garbage breaks down after one month, it's 7 times more expensive! ...
can you also add data-structures and algorithm videos with interview question in python
@Lew @Willy-Do-Who-Knew ........ Trump and his close-greedy-hightable-friends just want to play in their own sandbox :D ..... i can imagine the decision-making --- Trump and those snakes eating and talking about money , then someone goes - Donny you president now , ban all the foreign companies and let us build and provide everthing + offcourse you´ll get a cut Donny :D ..... 2019people ... if this was to be true and someone finds evidence = FAKE NEWS and the deal is done ! :D hehe
Great Job Guy. You are great at this keep it up bud Pulled me up from the scratch
bruh what do you think would happen if the seatbelts didn't lock in place. broken ribs can heal but not a missing head
दोसतो अगर आप रियल मी 3 को खरीदना चाहत ह या फिर खरीदना नही चाहत तो इस लिक पर कलिक करक एक बार फोन को चक जरर कर एक बार इस लिक पर कलिक करक फोन को जरर दख पलीज दोसतोhttps://amzn.to/2u9StV1
Kids unintentionally screaming in the background at 37:36, unintentionally funny and a nice real-time human detail as tech is discussed. 🤟🏻
How do I get pixel 3 camera software on my one plus 6t and is it better
@1000 subscribers with a dead channel challenge I don't see why you like keyless so much, yh it may save time... that I agree with, however it can also come a great risk to getting your car jacked... The RF Signature on it can be cloned, if you leave your key's in you window that is close to you car, it won't be locked etc... Is the 2min of hassle rly worth the risk of you loosing your car ?? I'm just saying lol, cool feature, but does have strong risk's when it comes to security!
what if you put a doc tape on the battery and make sure it stays attached to the phone?
I found so many people here who aren't so fluent in English :D
Hahahaha.. i loved the top 1 ghatiya phone.. sahi may Moto ka dimaag kharab ho gaya hai...
Hy Scotty, Happy New Year ! You are absolutly right , 10 out of 10 Points. It seems they build Cars not for Costumers only for Photographs.
I seriously doubt Chevy and GMC ever beat them in total sales any time recently.
Bhaiyo behnoon plz careful when you sit make sure health and safety kabi deep thinking main gir na Jana so please care full fellows n thnks mate for wonderful advice 🤓
Unbox Therapy go on then Lew use it as your ‘Daily Driver’ for a month if you think it’s that good
@pochoun33137 Yep. Saab looked at some complicated system that moved the crankshaft up and down in the block way back when.
Thanks guys - very much enjoyed the show (and your channel). I get it with the Maclaren but its probably the most expensive car there and therefore wasn't really tested against its peer group. Could be a bit anodyne in other company. Think the porker was probably the winner if you factor in value.. and more poignantly performance given the raw numbers but I don't them to win every test so fair play !
Just like America changed from big v8 cars, to small 4 cylinder sedans, it's time to change to 4 cylinder SUVs which I wouldn't mind if there was a 8 cylinder in some of these SUVs
@Robert Hardy Go talk to United Nations buddy! Taiwan is not recognized! Wake up! And in fact Taiwan government is illegal, they exist only because PRC government choose to leave them alone. Get some education in the university, really.
I am big fan for real me I am wait for realme 3 Pro
So what have we learned? I now know to buy a 1930's car, No seat belts or Tech because clearly those two things kill people lol
@Cathy Yu yes but my point was : just because a country doesn't invade another , it does not mean that they can be trusted
Truc Nguyen well we can practice via skype , Facebook messenger, WhatsApp , Telegram and so on . My email is : erfan110mahdavirad@gmail.com Or I guess you can add on skype with my skype name : erfan.rad4 .
@savagegeese I got a good one that they need to really stop doing. I see a few cars now that when the driver exits and locks the vehicle it turns the reverse lights on so you can see around the vehicle. These lights stay on for an extended period long after the driver has left. Confuses other drivers making them wait and think that someone is in the vehicle trying to reverse and if that vehicle is parked on a street of in a driveway backing onto a busy road then it creates a distraction hazzard for other drivers and can lead to missing a real hazzard that should be avoided. Don't know who green lit that idea but I'm pretty sure that should be banned. Have seen it on a few Chevy trucks.. not sure able it other vehicles...
Mera naam 100rab. Or showme ki lagne wali hai....bhaiiii hum gusse mai hainnnnnn
I WOULD DROP EVERYTHING FOR A INFRARED CAMERA PHONE WITH ALL OR MOST BEST FEATURES FROM ALL THE TOP PHONES OUT THERE?? WHEN IS THIS GOING TO HAPPEN???REMEMBER WHEN ALL COMPACT DVRS AND VIDEO CAMS IN THE LATE 90's EARLY 2000 HAD THE INFRARED OR NIGHT VISION ON ALL OR MOST CAMS... WHY DID THEY DROP THIS OFF FROM THE MARKET??? ...MAYBE THEY DONT WANT US POINTING TO THE SKIES TO CAPTURE INVISIBLE CRAFTS THE MILITARY ARE FLying ING AROUND OUR WORLD WITH AMAZING ABILITY'S. . I WOULD PUT MY MONEY ON THAT ANY TIME... DID INFRARED/ NIGHT VISION COME OUT AFTER IT WAS IN USE BY THE MILITARY INDUSTRY?? QUESTION EVERYTHING ...I WANT A. MINI TELESCOPE INFRARED CAM IN THE PHONE WOULD BE INSANE I WOULD PAY A CPLE K'S FOR IT PLEASE TELL ALL PHONE COMPANY THAT I WANT ONE JUST ONE WELL MAYBE 2...OH YEAH 1 MORE THING KEEP YOUR EYES TO THE SKY TO SEE WHAT FLIES
i think i m lucky enough to see such awesome video ........... tysm.....
@Abbad 707 It legit fell on the cover side flat and it still broke lol
VIVO VO itna hi bura tha toh Unboxing Mai kyo nahi bola Tab toh paise leke chal liye or ab bol rhe hai Chutiya banate hai Sarre hindi tech Youtubers NO1 IS TG
What an oustanding job! You guys knocked it out of the park again. You guys are head and shoulders above any other auto enthusiast show on TV/online!
He said car salesmen have car leases, which is usually because they get big discounts from their dealerships and can write it off as a work expense as well. People who AREN'T car salesmen or that aren't getting a lease specifically for work so it can be written off on taxes, it's a TERRIBLE rip off. You're better off saving up to spend cash on a car you can afford.
I dont agree start stop button is anoyying is rlly gud
I think a lot of modern cars, are taking away the learn how to drive factor. I understand stability programmes and abs but, this takes over from you. I learnt how to drive in a car with none of this.
great, now i can remove detention from my name and add it to a bunch of assholes in my school
@nidal sarieddine Thank you :) I'll see what I can do
i think with this video i am surely going to learn how to program with python
Hi, may I ask what kind of screen recording are you using? Thanks!
you can dislike whatever you want, that doesnt change the fact that people want a nice, fancy car, so these trends are appropriate to the current market, they might not be appropriate for people like this. At the end of the day people want as many features for as little money as possible, so the actual smart people here are the ones who decide to put these "bad" trends on cars because they're the ones moving the industry forward and making millions doing it.
it depense okay if you learn something new such as coding or writing e-book or etc these are really useful and i don't consider it to be wasteful enough .Just like the knive,it depense on how you use it ,if you use it to cut meats and vegetables itis very wise but if ypu use the knive to stab a person then it becomes dangerous
Aleph Null my local ford dealership has an gt50r. It has a 50k $ markup.
I have to disagree with the 19" wheel point, but I'm pretty sure my VW Golf TDI was designed and built around the idea of supporting 19" wheels along with the turbo. It's no Crown Vic, but a really smooth ride nonetheless. I'm gonna miss it when I sell it back to VW, but I'm hoping they will work with me and give a good deal on a GTI. Not really sure if I want to stick with VW though.
You're helping me with these tutorial, I'm glad that there is a person who are willing to help without payment required.
I'll stick to the fitness/diet habit for the next 30 days!
Well funny you mention it. This would actually suit my next trip via motorcycle across China,Russia and Europe abeit with a very slow Honda Grom
i really really wanna chase mi dream and work for it bit somethings holding me back i have no idea what thai bullshit is :(
MECHANIC SPOILERS. They do nothing because they are too small. Only there for looks.
LED bulbs of any type are unlikely to fail and need replacement for as long as you own our car. Here is a table I found of expected service life for different bulb types: Incandescent = 750 to 1,000 hours Halogen = 2,000 to 3,000 hours Metal Halide = 7,500 to 10,000 hours Fluorescent = 15, 000 to 20,000 hours Mercury Vapor = 16,000 to 24,000 hours High Pressure Sodium = 15,000 to 25,000 hours High Power LEDs =35,000 to 100,000 hours
I think samsung j8 v hona chahiye tha list me jo 20000 me sd450 or 720p display deta h
I got a question at 4:06:04 or in the minute following that, how can the computer tell if the index numbers (0,1,2 etc.) are going to starting at 1,2,3. I am talking about these numbers when it is showing how many the user got correct. Is it trying to make it in a way that the user can interpret or something else? If anyone can answer this question please reply.
What's worse is when you've abandoned everyone and then something makes you regress back to what everyone else used to see you as and now you're here, leaving everyone with the side of you that you know is not you. It does take it toll hehe
What is doing Morgan's face over here? There is not a single word from him.
Hey technical guruji please make a video which laptop to buy Please
@Ismael Arlen Reyes I never said most of them bypass, but the quality ones. Learn to read.
Sir main y2 yeah note 5 yeah max pro m1 yeah 9 lite lu
my drift truck has the foot pedal e-brake. it's a lot easier than the handbrake and its definitely better than those electronic e-brake. I do power slides in a 1/2 ton. really fun (in a field and with a firm grip on the steering wheel, safety first) the truck is a 2007 ford ranger 4 litre v6 at 207 hp and 239 lb-ft of torque
First put god. And believe who you. Are. What you want to be. Get..
I love Samsung s10 plus 5g but I will sgo with Huawei p30 pro because I like it's design
Mera budgte 15k to 16k...kaunsa phn best hoga... Please bolo guruji..
i can't rename the notebook whenever i try to rename it just says "renaming" while it's never completed renaming
Fake engine noise? Only if i can make my hybrid sound like a EMD GP40
Can you please make a video of your entire coding journey in details step by step and also time frame how long i took to become expert ( I mean a detailed journey, which part from where you learnt, how much time it took you progressed step by step, all in detail) I am starting my journey with python.
It's not the skin that removed the multitasking, I think it's just an old version of android
fake video none of its real people will be people keep doing customs to their car it Will never stop no matter how stupid we think it is buy your car your going to customize it it's called LOVE
Can you please recommend a decent laptop for programming? One I am looking at is Microsoft Surface Pro 6 or the MacBook Pro 13inch. What laptop's do you recommend / prefer ?
IMO, the "space saving" spare tire is the most retarded thing. My civic has one, but the hole in the trunk still has to be big enough for the regular full size tire. It doesn't save space, it saves money for the manufacturer.
I like the video but why dies this Anaconda fail to install properly on any of my three windows 10 systems? the help section is for windows 7 i have made 8 attempts with the same result each time. Pitty I was looking forwar to following your tutorial.
@Chad Cooper You are correct. I have very little knowledge of vehicle history and while that may be the case, I still believe that it looks like crap on any new car, ESPECIALLY if it serves no purpose but aesthetically. Same with racing stripes and chrome. People need to focus more on getting a car mechanically sound before they drop thousands of dollars on expensive rims and plastic non-work ventiports. Catch my drift, Chad. :)
I fucking love the BMW warnings especially the start up noises. Makes you remember, your better then others :)
Thanks you have explained in such a easy way ! Thanks a lot and we are waiting for other videos
I think European factories are guilty of starting most of those trends.
Next target Lenovo Asus OnePlus OPPO Vivo Alibaba Motorola xiaomi DJI
@John Doe which is why it helps you to always produce a good readable code
Wtf! I still think Pixel 3 takes better photos than P30, unless u want to zoom into ur blood vessels. Low light is the only thing where huawei beats the google
@Don Braugh he is sent by Chinese gov to influence social Media
Nightvision? Spoken like a desk jockey who doesn't own a car with it. I love it so much, I added it to my E46 M3, first in the world actually. Not only has it saved me from countless deer (and tickets) it does make a great conversation piece. Living in a college town, it also allows me not to accidentally (or purposefully) run over the next journalism student looking to make videos he apparently knows nothing about.
Love your vids, YK! can you tell me what kind of pc specs that I need to learn programming? Thanks!
I feel like I'm watching a father teaching his children how to bully his enemy's child who have nothing to do with the dispute. You know what I mean?
Floating screen are good it helps when you want to are driving and want to use your screen its less distracting
i fail to setup the pycharm the way it appears in the video i don't know what is the problem
name = input('What is your name? ') color = input('What is your Favorite color? ') birth_year = input('Birth year: ') age = 2019 - int(birth_year) age = str(age) weight_lbs = input('Weight (lbs): ') weight_kg = int(weight_lbs) * 0.45 print("Hi " + name + ' Your favorite color is ' + color + ' You are ' + age + ' years of age.') print('your weight in kg is: ' + str(weight_kg) + 'kg') I was getting an error because I was trying to print age in the sentence and it would not concatenate a number with a string. I figured it out though I wrapped aged around str() I just wanted to share info for newbies.
Realme mai lockscreen magazine ka update kab aaega or theme ka update
I mean, if it last all day then the 9 hour charge is totally fuckin worth it
Foco F2 me vertical camera nhi hona chahiye.....iphone 7+ jaisa hona chahiye.... waiting for those horizontal type camera....
I'm 16, I've started calisthenics and I waste so much time on YouTube, so I'm going to try and start reading and meditating
1. Fitness is easy for me. 2.meditation need to do more. 3.reading need to do more.
The biggest problem is that a lot of modern cars try all of these on the same model and the result is an ugly mess. You use chrome OR unpainted trim OR fake exhausts OR a huge grill OR ... It becomes a mess if you put all of it on the same car. I consider the Chevy Bolt and the BMW i3 some of the worst looking cars, especially compared to the Tesla M3.
Knowledge about real Life 141 I would like to join 919600655681
I can't stand how everything looks like a bicycle helmet thanks to the design process
we must be unhappy and work 12 hours a day to get the little money you get to feed your familly maybe yourself aaaaaaand we MUST be robots for the corporate society and not enjoy our lives #themoreilearn
Which car brands still have their integrity intact when it comes to these things ?
In some Mercedes vehicles.You can take The start stop button off to reveal a key hole
Yea but the idiot has to be you for buying it after watching that video. People that dumb deserve a phone just as dumb.
The braclet doesnt work at all outside cuz of lighting and if your darker skined then waste of money and the projecter just isnt big enough
TOO much Electronics... damn they suck. good old Fashion cars you can mess around with are the best because they have little Electronics
can you paste the line of code here? im having problems, not sure where to paste the int()
Shid i want one more now, i didnt realize they were still so old school.
People who find this interesting are the librarians of the past.
on dbbrowser for sqlite (the software) click opendatabase than search PycharmProject than PyShop than click on the file db.sqlite3
I was just wondering for a while now what about video games ? Should we consider it as a bad habit because it's a huge time waster and it doesn't bring anything after doing it (maybe at the beginning there's some things you learn but most of it is not useful in real life) But i also feel like it's a lot of fun and it doesn't provoke cancer or any dangerous stuff so it's not that bad for yourself... Feel free to tell me what you think about it
With the first device, repeatedly touching/swiping/stroking your skin will in time lead to skin complaints/rashes for some people... & yes the mind does boggle to where some people will attatch this thing, (& believe me there are a few people who have considered the possibilities). I wonder if there will be a disclaimer attached to this device.
Asus Zenfone max m2 good phone hai ya nahi tell me
sir mujhe aapase milna hai but i don't know how to contact you or how to attend ur session
A phone without YouTube is a no go for me lol
